[Sultan humming]

Help! I've struck oil!

Sultan, what should I do?

What would anyone do when their bath water turns glue? Get me the Mario Brothers!

Well, as long as these camels keep their big mouths shut-

We should be A-okay.

Yeah, but where'd the oil come from?

My palace is built over an oil well.

But somehow, the oil pipes leading up from my well must have gotten crossed with the water pipes from the oasis.

In that case, Your Royal Sultiness, we gotta re-plumb your plumbing before the oil pressure builds, and your palace blows sky high!

CHEATSY! Help me!

These yucky pipes won't stay switched!

I told you this was no job for a beauty queen.

Tell that to the Mario Brothers, Kootie Pie. They'll be here any second.

Daddy, do something!

We're about to be infested by those pesky plumbers.

I hear your whining loud and clear, my darling detestable daughter.

The doomship's fuel tanks are nearly filled, and you can't let the Mario Brothers discover that we're stealing the Sultan's oil...

... through his water pipes until we've drained his oil well dry. So, stop the Mario Brothers. That's an order!

Ooh, sometimes he just gets so bossy I could spit in his soup! "Stop the Mario Brothers". How?

Relax sis, I've got a scheme so sneaky that Dad'll wish he thought of it.

Oh.


I turned you into Mario's dream girl. It's the perfect way to stall him.

Sorry sis, I gotta split!

Cheatsy, hold it, you get back here! You forgot to do my tail.

Woah!

Well, hello handsome. Aren't you the famous Super Mario?

A super guess, my super beautiful lady.

Pleased to meet you. I am Lady Fettuccine Alfredo. A little bit saucy, but very, very nice.

Hey, uh, I don't wanna be rude, but wasn't that a tail I just saw?

A tail? Me? Why I have never been so insulted in all my life!

Here I am, lost in these dungeons for days without a thing to eat, and now you are accusing me of having a tail?

Woah! Oof!

[chuckles] Please forgive my little brother for being so rude. Perhaps you'd like a gourmet snack?

You know Mario sweetie, I'm an amateur plumber myself.

Her, a plumber? Hm. Hey, speaking of plumbing, Mario, we got a job to do.

Luigi's right.

And now that we've eaten, I think you should bring the Sultan and all his guests down here,

Where they'll be safe in case the, uh, castle explodes. [laughs]

Isn't she wonderful, Luigi? Always lookin' out for other people?

Lady Fettuccine says this is the safest place to be.

You'd take the word of an amateur plumber?

Who's dress doesn't even match her tail?

Huh?

Maybe not, but it certainly matches the rest of me.

CHEATSY! Restore me to my natural loveliness!

[gasps] You mean I fell for Kootie Pie Koopa?

[both screaming]

Congratulations, my dastardly descendants. I have seldom seen badness done better.

And as for you, you fun spoiling goody-goodies, you're finally my Koopa captives!

Sultan, I'll be upstairs gloating while the doomship sucks your oil well dry! [laughs]

Come on, Luigi! We gotta put a clog in Koopa's plans!

You'll never see the Mario Brothers again.

Just watch this.

I dare you to come over here and say that.

The Mario Brothers are finished!

You wanna bet?

I think it's time Lady Fettuccine met her dream reptile.

Casanova Koopa!

But Mario!

Eh, wrong voice.

But Mario, what am I supposed to do?

Sweep Kootie Pie off her feet, while I take care of plumbing matters upstairs.

Wh- Who...

Are you?

My friends call me Casanova Koopa...


But you can call me Sweet Lips.

Wow, you've got some kiss up.

Yeah, who is this guy anyway?

Kootie Pie, can we get some privacy? What do you say we clear out the riffraff and redecorate in here?

You get out of here and leave us in peace!

[Toad screams]

I'm not sure King Dad would like this.

Daddy only wants me to be happy.

And believe me Cheatsy, Casanova's the only reptile for me.

LUIGI!

Luigi?


I've been kissed by a plumber!

I'll tie your lips behind your head!

And you'll never kiss again!

We're all set. Princess, when I give the signal, turn the wheel.

Woah! The Koopa kids are right behind me!

Luigi, this way!

Princess, now!

(Slippin' and slidin', peepin' and hidin', been told a long time ago!)

(Slippin' and slidin', peepin' and hidin', been told a long time ago!)

(I've been told, baby you've been bold, I won't be your fool no more...)

(Oh Malinda, she's a solid sender, you know you better surrender...)

(Oh Malinda, she's a solid sender, you know you better surrender...)

(Slippin' and slidin', peepin' and hidin', won't be your fool no more...)

(Slippin' and slidin', peepin' and hidin', won't be your fool no more...)

I need the doomship!

[all screaming]

Kootie Pie! Cheatsy! Follow me!

Now they'll see the true creepiness of the Koopa clan!


Mario! Luigi! You must stop King Koopa before my palace is destroyed!

We've only got one chance.

Let 'er rip, Luigi!

Ya hee!

Yaaah! Woah!

Yee-haw!

Doomship, here I come.

Ride them, plumber boy!

Yee-haw!

[all gasping and sputtering]

Let's Koop outta here!

[all cheering]

Thank you, thank you.

But what are we going to do about my palace? It's ruined!

Hey, since the Koopas left their wand behind, we might as well give it a shot.

Oh no, the wand's melted!

But my palace is perfect!

In that case, I've got first dibs on the jacuzzi!

Oh no you don't! I fixed it.

Well I rode it!

Well I had to kiss Kootie Pie!

[both laugh]

