No, my son, that's not a tactically sound

strategy remember our talk there could be hidden dangers here we need to stay

together strength in numbers Prince Lizard do not disrespect me I let you do

the explosion which was noisier than I would have liked I'll take it from here

what is your command my Queen move deeper into the lab our intel was spotted

but the serum should be on this level the flames of this burning world will

warm our cold blood onward until the lizard League rules all

the Guardians of the globe

stand down and surrender this is your only warning

heavy hitters like you are being sent in there's no telling what's house here

you won't get a chance to see are you sure about that

don't let them get away

I got him

come on it wanna do better than this you're not some hired cool don't waste

time Samson that dames a lost cause you guys just say Dame in Atlantis

Darkwing not coming

red rush busy in Russia and Martian man's helping dark blood on some important

mission

sure we're fine but I called in the reservist just in case really don't let

him hear you call him that

she's mine you wish

he has a problem with the service he refused to join the team but said he'd

help out if needed is that not the very definition of the word you've got a lot

to learn

just in time

new suit play white thing not flashy enough for you

yeah the Taylor said it wasn't iconic enough apparently everyone's running

around with a big letter on their chest these days

this is

I only needed a diversion they're gonna bring the facility down on top of us

and you weren't due for two more weeks I'm sorry dr. Brandy worth I don't mean

to let you down I I know how important this baby is no you didn't do anything

wrong Polly I should have found another

they getting closer we have to get you to a hospital

yeah

I'm not gonna make it am I I can feel it

take care of my baby promise me you will Polly you're gonna be fine

I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I did this to you

Erickson there was an attack I'm getting Polly somewhere safe bring my specimen

back she's in labor we're headed for the Valley Hospital that child is too

valuable to leave her birth in the hands of civilian doctors we have a hospital

turn your car around no the facility's compromised we can't risk it the stress

she's on bring it back now you'll get your weapon and in the end you'll thank

me for it

be careful this woman is in great danger the babies are superhuman we can see

that we can take it from here mr. dr. Brandy worth the child about to be born

is unique in every conceivable way you must be ready for any

no

maternity where third floor Erickson

no what have you done where's the specimen they didn't survive search the

hospital find me the bodies go

better save some tears for yourself Randy worth you need them it's nobody's

fault bad things just did just happen

mr. and mrs. Wilkins we all thought she was gone but she she came back to us

what she came back all on her own we don't know how but she did your daughter

fighter

you've got this golden way of making my body

but making a

car

Which is

Just don't try to save me cause I don't wanna be saved

I'm one of those witches, babe

I'm one of those witches, babe

Just don't try to save me cause I don't wanna be saved

Me, I've got my own little magic

Sam sure loves her Legos, huh?

It's the only thing she'll play with

Thanks, Zach. We'll be back by ten

Oh, you have our number if you need anything

Don't worry, Mrs. Wilkins. We'll be fine

At least you will be

I'm screwed if I don't prep for this test

You like chemistry, Sam?

Then any idea why Mercury's a liquid at room temperature when it's surrounded by solids?

Valence electrons

Huh?

Mercury's 6S valence subshell has two electrons

6S electrons don't like being friends with other particles

To be a solid, they got to be friends with each other

That's right

That's right

That's right

That's right

That's right

That's right

They don't like being friends with other particles

To be a solid, they got to bond

And they don't wanna

So, liquid

Mercury's funny

What else do you know?

Wow

Mr. and Mrs. Wilkins, your daughter's a frickin' genius

No, seriously, look at this

Sam's been making molecules for me

Check it out

That's baking soda

This one, this one is glucose

And believe it or not, that's magnesium

I have no idea what that is, but it looks super cool

I'm gonna go get some water

I'm gonna go get some water

I'm gonna go get some water

I have no idea what that is, but it looks super cool

Adam, last year when Samantha kept writing letters over and over again

Do you think it was this?

Don't be absurd

She wasn't reading science textbooks

She could barely read it all

No, that's the thing

She has these molecules memorized

Like she could just see them in her head

Well, I think it's pretty cool

But seriously, thanks Sam

I'm gonna ace my test

Mr. P won't know what hit him

Maybe Zach's right

It would explain a lot

He's 16, for all we know he made it all up

What if he didn't?

There are special schools

This one's for gifted kids

She's not gifted

She's just weird

Public school's fine

The neighbor called me last week because she'd been staring at his tree for an hour

Maybe she's not weird

Maybe she's smart

The neighbors are talking about her?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's the name of that school for weirdos?

What's that school for weirdos?

Now concentrate on maintaining your form

I said...

I'm trying

Why are you still bothered with these failures of beyond me?

He can barely keep his skin on his bones

Phase 2's abilities are still impressive.

I don't want impressive.

I want the ability to change reality.

I want death on command.

I want powerful beyond measure.

They almost had it.

Return to your tube.

You shouldn't be out for too long.

But...

Go.

We're making progress.

You're making failures.

And if I don't see something different soon, you are the tube next.

Hi, I'm...

Samantha Wilkins, right?

Um, yeah.

I guess you know I'm the weirdo that lives across the street from you.

That's what my mom said.

I'm not the weirdo that lives across the street from you.

I'm not the weirdo that lives across the street from you.

I'm Bo, the even weirder weirdo who lives across the street from you.

Okay, okay, my turn.

Truth or dare?

Truth.

Tell me something you've never told anyone.

Something your parents would be super pissed about.

Maybe I want to run away, but I'm too scared to do it.

Why?

Because I'm 12 and it's scary.

I mean, why do you want to run away?

My parents think I'm a weirdo too.

They just want a normal kid who does her piano lessons and gets straight A's and stuff.

Uh, it's their fault.

They put you in a special school for special kids.

That's a guaranteed weirdo making move.

Yeah, but all the kids there are so boring.

They just want to be lawyers or doctors or astronauts or whatever.

So what do you want then?

I want to do something that matters.

Hey, I'm serious.

I know. That's why it's so funny.

Samantha? Samantha? Where are you?

I said you could go out for an hour. It's been all day.

Sorry, Mom.

When your mother says come home, you come home.

You got homework to do if you want to get your grades up.

My grades are great.

There's other subjects than science.

Everything else is lame and boring.

Your mother and I were told you were special.

Silly us. We thought that meant you should go to a school for special kids.

What's so special about them anyway?

They don't have any fun or care about anything.

They're just a bunch of freaks.

They're freaks? Look at yourself.

Isn't that why you belong there?

She knows I didn't mean it.

Didn't you?

Huh?

Oh my gosh. Change back, change back, change.

I'm busy.

I made you a snack, sweetie. Cream cheese and olive sandwich.

I'm sorry.

Dare.

But I get to pick what it is.

And you can't tell anyone.

Okay.

Give me something, like anything.

Experiment, right?

Now it's cherry.

Try it.

Ew, no.

Try it.

How would you do that?

It's President Val.

Sam, I'm serious.

How are you doing this?

You know how I used to say I could like see molecules and stuff?

Yeah, weirdo.

Well, I can also change them around.

Like move electrons from here to there. It's crazy.

Change them around?

Exactly. And it's not just little things like gum.

I can make stuff.

What?

Like out of thin air.

Stop it.

It left you?

Stop! Stop! I said stop!

Sorry, I just thought it was fun.

It's not, okay? It's freaking scary.

Come on, it's cool.

Normal people aren't supposed to be able to do things like that.

Who cares? Maybe I'm a superhero.

Do you know how much fun we can have with this?

I should go home now.

Wait, I'm sorry. Val? Val?

Val? Val?

You're asking me if I'm okay

But I don't need time to process

All these things that make me lose my focus

And all these parts of me I had not noticed

Before you came

Oh, pink! It's your favorite color.

Yeah, this dress could change that.

Oh, don't be silly. It's adorable.

Remember to write a thank you note to Aunt Penny.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I wish you were a puppy.

I wish I had a puppy.

Huh?

Creep.

Creep.

Cool.

Cool.

No.

Yes!

Cool.

Cool.

Cool.

This is fucked up.

Why are you stealing dogs?

Because no one gives a shit about dogs and they pay for them down at the lab.

You need the money or not?

I guess.

This thing's kind of mean.

Spay and neuter your pets, man. Not our fault there's too many.

Shit. Hurry.

Keep your pants on.

Hey.

What the hell?

Dude, I think it's a Powerpuff girl.

Shut up.

You shut up.

Both of you shut up.

What are you doing?

None of your business.

Doesn't look like it's your business either.

Buzz off, Powerpuff. Come on, we need to get the rest.

If I can do that, imagine what I can do to those dumb masks you're wearing.

What now?

You gonna leave them squirming like turtles on their backs?

Don't come any closer.

Don't worry. I know who you are and what you can do.

Who are you?

Maybe we could speak somewhere else.

Ever heard of stranger danger? Hard pass, creep.

I'm not here to hurt you.

I just want to talk about where you came from, where your powers came from.

There's no easy way to say this, but I made you, Samantha.

I know about the birds and the bees, dude.

My gross parents made me.

Adam and Betsy Wilkins are not your real parents.

I'm adopted?

Man, that would explain a lot.

My name is Dr. Elias Brandyworth.

I was the assistant director of the school.

To Elias Brandyworth, I was the assistant director of the Pentagon's Department of Superhuman Research.

Sure you were, and now you eat out of dumpsters.

Yes, yeah, to stay off the grid.

To protect you, you were one of my projects, Samantha.

A superhero with almost limitless potential, but under the control of the U.S. military.

You're crazy. I'm leaving.

You can see molecules. Turn paper into stone.

Feel the chemical composition of the world in your bones.

But you can't change people or animals, never people or animals.

I hid you with your parents when I realized I couldn't trust the people I worked with and how cruel your life with them would be.

Then why come find me now?

Because of your powers.

The military thinks you're dead. If they discover you're not, they'll come for you.

You must stop using them.

What? No, I can do things that matter. I can help people.

I'm begging you not to. Samantha, what's that noise?

What noise?

You have to go. It's not safe. Do not use your powers. Go!

Eve!

Mom!

Where were you?

Nowhere. I mean, I... snuck out.

Why would you do that? I was worried sick!

I don't know. I'm sorry.

First you got expelled and now this.

I said I was sorry.

Sorry doesn't mean sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

First you got expelled and now this.

I said I was sorry.

Sorry doesn't cut it anymore. Your father and I have done everything for you.

Sent you to a special school, looked the other way with these odd little habits of yours. Why can't you just be...

Normal.

Now that's not what I said.

It's what you meant.

Oh, Eve.

I just want to go to sleep.

I love you, Samantha. I do, but I wish you'd try harder sometimes.

We sent a drone out after our sensors got pinged, but we lost contact after she flew away.

It's her.

We don't know that.

It's her!

It's her!

Old man, white hair, grubby clothes. Have you seen him?

Are you sure he isn't here?

Yes, I looked twice. He's not here.

I'm sure he's not here.

Nice soul patch, bro. Makes your face extra punchable.

Get out of my way, kid.

Sure. Once you give that all back, and sit down nicely and wait for the police.

The name's Kill Cannon. Not gets beat up by little girls, Cannon.

Then I guess you'll need to go down to City Hall and get it changed.

The hell?

You're gonna regret that.

You're gonna regret that.

You're gonna regret that.

You're gonna regret that.

You're gonna regret that.

You're gonna regret that.

Sorry kid, you're just not made for this.

I literally was.

Jerk.

Samantha.

How do you keep doing that?

I have a lot of time on my hands.

But you didn't listen to me. You can't use your powers, Samantha. You can't.

It's Adam Eve when I'm in costume.

Adam Eve? Why'd you come up with that?

Adam, because duh. Eve, because it's my middle name.

Cute.

No, the cape is cute. The name is awesome.

I wish I could say the same for your actions.

What? I'm a freaking badass.

Not quite what I mean. When I heard the fighting, I was afraid you might be using your powers.

What, you don't even take a day off on your birthday?

How do you know it's my birthday? My parents didn't even remember.

I was there, you know. It was an important day for me too.

You told me that before, but I don't think I got all the details.

Trade you a burger for some answers.

Tell me about my parents. My real parents.

You said I was adopted, so who was my real dad?

I didn't know your father.

Okay, then my mom. Was she your science partner or something? Is that where I got my smarts?

Yes, that's exactly it.

She was a valued colleague. She volunteered her pregnancy for an experimental procedure.

What procedure?

We manipulated her amniotic fluid, induced controlled mutational change, flooded her system with rapidly decaying particles.

I monitored her around the clock as she approached turn.

We became close. She begged me to make sure you had a life.

That you didn't grow up in a lab alone.

That was when I first realized you weren't just an experiment or a weapon.

I was making a terrible mistake.

I made plans to get her out, help her run away, but she went into labor early.

We saved you, but a normal life. That's all she would have wanted for you. A normal life.

We'll pick this up later.

If you keep doing this, they're going to find you.

I'm wearing a mask. I'm using a fake name. I'm apparently a government-designed superweapon. I'll be fine.

Whoa.

Fall back and form a perimeter or something.

What? Get the hell out of here.

We'll fall back and form a perimeter.

Great idea.

Get off of me.

What? What's happening?

It's hard for us. We're not perfect, like you.

Who are you?

You don't know?

I have to speak for our siblings. They've never been out of their tanks long enough to learn to talk.

Our siblings?

Your phase one, phase two, phase three, phase four, phase five. Each attempt less successful than the last, but all one big happy family.

Okay, so you're less good versions of me. Then this should be easy.

Okay.

Okay.

Look what you're doing.

What I'm doing? I didn't start this. I don't even want to do this.

Then die already.

Okay.

What are you doing?

We're going to die.

Oh, thank God.

It's a shame we had to fight like this, sister. We could have been a family together. Wouldn't that have been nice?

Sure. We could have all moved in with Dr. Brandyworth. One big freak family.

Brandyworth. He's not our family. We're the best they could make without him.

They talk about us like we're not there. Not real. Don't matter. All we hear is how perfect you are. And how perfect we aren't.

Look who it is.

You actually like this monster?

No!

Thank you.

They can change into things. Alter their bodies. I can't do any of that.

They wanted you to be a perfect weapon. But even I have a conscience. I implanted a subconscious block to prevent you from altering living tissue. You were perfect, but with limits. I wasn't there to do the same with them.

Get up.

Look at me.

Look at me!

Wait! No!

Help him!

I can't.

I'm sorry.

Believe.

I wish everything was different for us.

They killed themselves. Trying to hurt me.

Samantha! We have to... Samantha!

Brandyworth. What a treat. Didn't think you'd crawl out from under your rock as well.

You have to let her go. She's just a child.

No, she's a weapon. My weapon. And it's taken me years to get her back.

I'll come back. I'll make you someone else.

You are back, Dr. Brandyworth. And you will make me more weapons like her.

Hey! Let him go and I'll stay.

The man who tore you from your mother's womb and you want to save him? Adorable. But no. We have plans for both of you.

I said you could have me.

And not him.

I told you those restraints were theoretical.

Go on. Do something else you'll regret.

You just told me how valuable he was, stupid.

I did. But now that I have Brandyworth, his research partner isn't needed anymore.

Are you sure? Do it!

Who... who is that?

Where do you think all your brothers and sisters came from?

Oh, that's...

Good old mom.

Oh, God! She's alive!

Technically alive. We didn't get her back up and running in time to save her from massive brain damage.

But, well, we both know she only had one use anyway.

You monster!

No!

Do something!

She was barely alive to begin with.

Damn it! That was an accident.

You murdered my whole family.

Eve, calm down.

You murdered my whole family!

I see it all now. Every single molecule around us. I can touch them, taste them, control them.

I could rearrange your cells to make you all new people from the monsters you are.

You ruined my life. You took everything from me. Killed people I didn't even know I loved.

I am Samantha Eve Wilkin, and I defy you to even remember who I am!

Do you see yourself? Do you see yourself unraveling?

Do you know?

That two thoughts were always mine?

What? Where am I?

Where before this? Where before this was I traveling home?

Was this always?

Was this always by desire?

Oh, God.

And where have you been?

Adam, wait.

Don't stick up for her. She's late for her own birthday. You couldn't even call.

Did you eat my cake?

How dare you?

I need to go.

Go? Go where? Hey, like it or not, we're the only family you've got.

Samantha, please come out. It's your birthday. Let's try again.

Only what I've got.

Oh, Sam. Oh, it's okay, dear. It's all going to be okay. We'll promise.

You're home early.

Yeah, light day.

Dad, Dad, look, I'm going to be duct tape man. Like, even if I don't get powers, I could just tie people up with duct tape. You can do anything with duct tape.

I don't know if that's going to work as well as you hope it will, kiddo.

And you might rethink that as we peel all this off. Go upstairs and run a bath. That should help.

A little.

That boy is never getting his powers, is he?

Don't ask me. You're the superhero space alien. But even if he doesn't, we'll love him just as much. Finish dinner while I untape the boy.

Okay.

You

You

You

You

You

You

You

