Guru Siyag: Ask Rosy why she is here, what she experienced during meditation in Israel,

what she will do in the future and what her life in Israel is like.

Disciple: We want to know something about you.

Which country do you belong to?

And how did you come to India?

Disciple: What experience have you got from Gurudev?

Disciple: What are your future plans regarding this situation (Guru Siyag’s Siddha Yoga)?

Guru Siyag: Chant the mantra for 24 hours, round the clock.

Guru Siyag: The energy within you will soon start chanting the mantra on its own.

Guru Siyag: From January 16, Rosy has begun a new phase in her life.

This new life had begun a while ago in Tel Aviv (Israel) but at that time Rosy could not transfer this power to anyone.

But now that she has come in physical touch with me, this power has been transferred to her

and she can in turn use this power to bring about a palpable change anywhere in the world.

Guru Siyag: Rosy attained this power when she meditated in Tel Aviv.

But it was limited only to her.

She was initiated by me on January 16 and began chanting the mantra I gave.

Now there is no difference between me and Rosy.

Just as I am working for the upliftment of mankind, she too can now do the same.

Disciple: (Translating).

Disciple: I have one question to ask you.

When you saw the website, what attracted you to Guru Siyag?

What made you believe that he is a real Guru?

In India there are many Gurus. You said yesterday that every third person in India is a Guru.

Disciple: Now you believe Guru Siyag is the incarnation of Jesus?

Disciple: Are you sure?

Disciple: Now that you are near him, you believe.

Disciple: Now you believe that he is the Comforter?

Disciple: Now according to your words even we can believe that he is the Comforter.

Disciple: Do you think people will believe that?

Disciple: Guru Siyag delegated her the powers, so now she can work.

Guru Siyag: Yes, that is Para Vani (Subtle or Divine speech)

This speech has no sound. Only divine light.

This is the complete and final evolution of mankind.

Now is also the time for a change in yuga (epoch or era within a cycle of four ages).

Judgment will be done.

The whole world will know what is true and what is false.

All of mankind will undergo this evolution.

So, all of mankind has the right to know this truth.

This is one of the principles of evolution.

They (the West) is in need of the wealth (spiritualism) that we (the East) have

And we are in need of the material wealth that they have.

This is an exchange between two powers.

Cultures that do not participate in an exchange have difficulty surviving.

This exchange between two cultures began on January 16.

All of you here are witness to it.

Now see what happens… wait and watch.

Rosy does not know who she is. But I do.

However, I will not explain everything right now.

Now is not the time.

There are some things that I will say only when I go to Israel; I cannot speak of them here.

Now meditate for 15 minutes.

This age of darkness will soon come to an end.

‘Live and let live’ will be the principle on the basis of which the world will undergo a transformation.

The divine force that has brought Rosy here will continue to guide her at all times.

She cannot do anything by her own will. The divine force will guide her according to its will.

She is an instrument for the force and so to ask Rosy questions is futile.

Material science is not bringing about a change in the world.

You shouldn’t be under any such false impressions.

I am not against science but science has to understand spiritualism.

That is why all of you here are people of science not religion.

Guru Siyag: Yes. For this holy purpose.

Rosy’s diabetes proved to be a boon for her.

Disciple: Rosy told us yesterday that she began doing the meditation because she was suffering from diabetes.

Guru Siyag: The whole world is suffering from various diseases… whether they are from Israel, the US or India.

Guru Siyag: AIDS is the most dangerous disease in the world today… and the meditation has destroyed it.

AIDS is curable for free… free medical aid from India through this meditation.

It is for all kinds of diseases.

Disciple: You met the patient who had AIDS?

Guru Siyag: The newspaper has printed an article about him with photographs.

