The following is a dramatization of actual events

That occurred between 2004 and 2013.

So? 
-It's the only alligator.

Four minutes past, we walk in one minute. 
He was clear on that.

He's coming.

You know? 
He's too young to have that kind of access.

Ah... what time does the restaurant open. 
-Noon.

But the food's a little too spicy. This way.

HONG KONG MONDAY JUNE 3, 2013

Excuse me.

Right here.

PLEASE DO NOT DISTURB

It's uh really great to finally meet you guys.

So first thing, can I get your cellphones please?

Thank you. We want Laura to be the only one recording.

Right, as discussed. Thank you.

I actually bought this. It blocks UHF frequencies.

You have been photographed before, right?

Yeah, it's been a while since anybody took a photo of me.

Try thinking of this as your friend.

Take your time.

Um, can you start by telling us why you did what you did?

and uh, how you gained access to such a vast amount of information.
All of which I read on the plane, um, and...

Glenn. How about we just start with your name?

My name is Edward Joseph Snowden.

I'm 29 years old. I work as a private 
contractor for the NSA.

I've also worked as a private contractor for the CIA 
and directly for the agency.

I've worked in various jobs in the intelligence industry 
for the last nine years.

I've been a systems engineer.

Uh, been a solutions consultant

and senior adviser for the Central Intelligence Agency.

So you wanna be Special Forces? 
-Sir, yes sir!

I think Special Forces would be ashamed 
to call you soldiers!

Am I right? Sir, no, sir.

Your left.  Your left right. Your left.

Went from driving Cadillacs.  
Went from driving Cadillacs.

To drivin' convoys in Iraq. 
To drivin' convoys in Iraq.

Come on, soldier!

Move! Move!

Pick it up, you waste of space! Move!

Come on, soldier!

Come on, goggles!

Snowden, what the hell are you doing? -Nothing, sir. 
Where's your fuckin' heart? - Right here, sir.

Now I want you reach way down in that pathetic excuse 
of a chest and you rip it out.

You find your heart, and then you get your broke ass on my tower! 
You got that?

Sir, yes, sir! 
-Now get the fuck outta my face!

I need you off my tower, gentlemen! Let's move!

Move! Come on!

Rise and shine maggots! Get your hands off your dicks and 
get the fuck out of my barracks!

You guys got one minute! Fall out! Move, move, move!

Fuck!

Help!

Snowden? Where the fuck is Snowden? 
-Help!

You know, you've been walkin' around on two broken legs, 
best I can tell, for weeks.

Now, this is what happens when you put a 80 pound rucksack 
on a 150 pound body.

You get these little stress fractures. 
-Easy. -Sorry.

They build up in your tibias. You don't get off of them 
and eventually they just bust.

Now you gonna be here for a few weeks, and then, 
I'd count on another eight weeks or so on crutches.

Okay, then when do I go back?

Son, you ever again land on those legs of yours,
airborne or not, those bones turn to powder.

I'm gonna authorize an administrative discharge.

Plenty of other ways to serve your country.

GEEK-MATE.COM NEW MESSAGE

"Ghost in the Shell" is also one of my favorites.

Are you this pale in real life?

Have you committed a crime for which you weren't caught?

No.

Have you cheated on an exam?

No.

Do you believe the United States is the greatest country in the world? 
-Yes.

Why do you want to join the CIA?

How would you explain the Internet to a child?

Your grandad retired as an admiral and joined the FBI.

Dad's in the Coast Guard.  30-year man.

What has been the most important day in your life?

9/11. We thought my grandfather was inside the Pentagon.

It turned out he was offsite that day.

You wanted to be Special Forces? 
-Yes, sir. I love their motto.

De oppresso liber. 
-Is that what you hope to do with us?

Free people from oppression?

I'd like to help my country make a difference in the world.

The Internet is a technology

that has the power to let everyone in 
the world understand each other.

Missed a perfect score on the ASVAB test by a single question.

Crushed the language learning test.

Some Mandarin, some Japanese.

And no high school diploma? 
So why did you stop attending high school?

I had to make money. 
My parents were divorcing at the time.

Any other influences? I'd say Joseph Campbell.

Star Wars. Thoreau.

Ayn Rand. 
-"One man can stop the motor of the world."

Atlas Shrugged? Yes, sir. I believe that.

Let's try again. Why do you want to join the CIA?

Uh, well frankly, sir...

sounds really cool to have top security clearance.

It's not enough.

Ordinarily. But these are not ordinary times.

Bombs won't stop terrorism, brains will, 
though we don't have nearly enough of those.

I'm gonna give you a shot, Snowden.
Thank your, sir.  Thank you very much.  
You won't regret this.

My name is Corbin O'Brien. I have many titles, 
among them senior instructor.

You'll be joining my class at The Hill.

Stop the vehicle. Turn off the engine.

I need to see your ID.

Alright. Using your left hand only, pop the trunk.

Now place your hands through the steering wheel on the dashboard.

Through the steering wheel on the dashboard. 
Do not exit the vehicle.

CIA TRAINING CENTER, VIRGINIA "THE HILL" 
2006

Excuse me.
You'll be looking for Corbin's class; end of the hall,
keep going through the second set of doors.

Thank you. Is that, uh, ENIGMA? No. ENIGMA was broken.

This is the follow-up, SIGABA; never broken.

Cold War's greatest encryption machine.

Tides of history tick with this motor and these rotors.

One day everyone's gonna want a machine like this.

Wow, I've always wanted to learn cryptography. 
What's this one?

Hot line. First line between Washington and Moscow.

Probably prevented World War III.

You gotta name? How do I know you're not the enemy?

Oh sorry, uh Snowden. Ed Snowden. 
-Hank Forrester.

Where'd you study, Snowden? Mostly I'm self-taught.

You can tell me if you're busy, but is that a Cray-1?

Why yes. Yes, it is. The first supercomputer.

We get all of this on a cell phone now. 
-Yes. So you're an engineer?

Am I an engineer? Instructor and counselor, too.

I'm supposed to keep an eye on you CTs.

Make sure you don't buckle under the pressure. 
Turn to drugs and booze.

Well, you won't have that problem with me. 
I don't drink or do drugs.

What is your sin of choice? 
-Computers.

Well then, Snowden. You've some to the whorehouse.

The front lines in the global war on terror 
are not Iraq or Afghanistan.

They're here.

In London. Berlin.

Istanbul.

Any server. Any connection.

The modern battlefield is everywhere.

Which means you don't have to sit in a ditch eating MREs 
or dodging mortar fire.

It means that if there is a another 9/11

it'll be your fault.

Just as the last one was my generation's.

Believe me, you do not want to live with that burden.

We're gonna start with an aptitude test.

Each of you is gonna build a covert communications 
network in your home city.

You're gonna deploy it, back up your site, 
destroy it and restore it again.

Point of this exercise is to keep your 
infrastructure up and running securely.

The average test time is five hours. 
If you take more than eight, you will fail.

Mr. O'Brien?

I'm done, sir.

You don't have to tell me when you've completed a stage.

No, I finished the whole thing. 
-It's been 40 minutes.

38. 
-What?

38 minutes.

Okay. Let's see where you screwed up.

You didn't say we had to do it in order, so I ...

I broke the sequence to save time, and I made the backup 
process to run as I built the site.

Eyes on screens.

Mr. O'Brien?

So, what should I do now? 
-Whatever you want.

Are you this pale in real life?

Hey. 
-Hi.

Finally. 
-Yeah.

Sorry.

Do you want ... anything? 
-No. Let's go for a walk.

You could use some sun. 
-Yeah. You mentioned that earlier.

Sorry it took me this long. 
You didn't want to see me on crutches.

I was not so agile. And then this new job hit.

What was it you're doing again? 
-I'm doing analysis for the State Department.

Congratulations. 
-Thanks.

Could you do me a favor and point in the 
direction of the State Department?

Yeah, it's that way. 
-Where? Are you sure?

I mean, I'm not that great at orienting myself. 
-Not that great at lying either.

You're going to have to work on both if you wanna be a spy.

Where I came from everyone's parent worked for the State Department.

Plus, every time you visited my website this week,

which was quite often, it was from an IP in Virginia.

You know how to run an IP trace? 
-Yeah.

I'm pretty sure that the State Department has no offices in Virginia.

Alright, let's see you strut it. 
-Let's see what?

Let's see you strut it. Show what you got, 
you know, your best catwalk.

Don't be shy. Come on, you got this.

I don't know ...

No to Bush, no to bombs. No to Bush, no to bombs.

Would you mind signing our petition, please? 
-Yes, absolutely.

Thank you 
-Thank you so much.

Sir? 
-No thank you.

Excuse me ma'am, you you like to sign? 
-I actually just signed. 
-Okay, thank you very much.

Too much independent spirit for you?

No, I just don't really like bashing my country.

It's my country too, and right now it has blood on its hands.

Sorry, I just have friends who are over there right now.

I'm not talking about the troops, 
I'm talking about the moron sending them to war.

You mean our commander in chief? 
-Yeah. Whatever you wanna call him, he's still wrong.

How do you know he's wrong? You're just lashing out.

No, I'm not lashing out.  
I'm questioning our government.

That's what we do in this country.  T
hat's the principle that we're founded on.

Okay, but how about questioning the liberal media?

You're just buying into what one side is saying.

Maybe I am. Because my side is right.

See that's funny, because my side is right. 
-Oh really? -Yeah.

Why is it smart conservatives always make me so mad?

Probably because you don't like hearing the truth.

You're a very frustrating individual. You know that?

How am I gonna make you see 
-I can see just fine, thank you.

That help at all?

Nope, that did nothing for me. Tastes like liberal.

Not my thing.

"Bush lets U.S. spy on callers without courts."

Is it Constitutional to bypass the courts?

No. The fourth amendment prevents searches 
and seizures without a warrant.

That's absolutely right, Rio. Which means,

your commander in chief, the President of 
the United States is breaking the law.

That is what you're saying, isn't that, Rio?

Well, I guess it depends on ... who you talk to.

And if you talk to journalists?

Who, more often than not, don't have the full picture 
or neglect to report it.

You've only got a partial truth.

Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. 
The FISA court.

We do respect the fourth amendment in this country.

We issue warrants based on suspicion.

But sometimes these warrants have to be issued by secret courts.

So we don't alert the suspect we're spying on.

And these court proceedings are classified, 
which means, surprise...

They don't appear in papers such as the New York Times.

Did you see my test scores? 
-Yes. Top of my class, like you.

Here? 
-NSA.

They liked me plenty. 
They put me on all the best teams.

Soviet Frontier. Desert Storm. 
And then the big new challenge.

Find the terrorists in the Internet haystack. 
Helluva haystack.

Hundreds of terabytes a minute. I mean, 
it would take you 400 years to read the e-mails.

And then you have to analyze them. 
Sometimes the more you look, the less you see.

What'd you come up with? 
-Something beautiful. In house...

for three million dollars. A program that 
could differentiate between foreign

and domestic...

Encrypt every single we weren't targeting, 
so that it would remain private.

It was elegant, streamlined. 
It was the best work I ever did.

Take a seat.

What was it called?

Ed, rising to the top in our world

can sometimes be hard on a man.

I mean, you think you're making strides.

You think you're taking the initiative.

And then the next minute, they grind your work out of existence.

They didn't use it? Why not? 
-Well, they never tell you why.

Two years later, after 9/11,

a friend of mine tells me about this new contractor 
program they're using.

Cost four billion dollars to deploy; modeled after mine.

But with no filters, no automation.

Ingested everything. They were drowning in data. 
It was a fucking disaster.

But there must have been some bigger picture, right?  
I mean,

spending that kind of money. They're not stupid.

You would think intelligence would count 
for something in the intelligence business.

But you want to know what it really is?  
What really sets the agenda?

Military industrial happiness management.

You keep the coffers open in Congress, 
you keep the money flowing to the contractors.

Efficiency, results, they go out the window.

Not to mention ...

Well, you're late for class. 
-Okay, thank you.

Oh, can I take another one? 
-Sure.

Did you ever say anything to anybody?

Yeah, I went to legal. We filed complaints.

Now here I am, tucked away, teaching you.

Maybe that's more important in the long run. 
You're getting better.

My favorite spot on campus.

Do you hunt, Ed?

Uh, just some skeet shooting with my dad a few times, 
but I never went hunting.

We'll go one day. 
-That'd be great.

Mr. O'Brien, can I ask you a question? 
-How about just calling me Corbin?

Okay. Thank you, sir. Corbin.

I was talking with Hank Forrester, and I wanted to know

are all of our SIGINT programs specifically targeted?

Of course. What good would they be if they weren't?

Yeah, I don't know.

Do you have a girlfriend, Ed? 
-Uh, nothing serious.

What's her name? 
-Lindsay.

She going with you?

No, I wouldn't want to put her in any danger.

Well, you don't have to. We're not sending you 
to the Middle East.

Sir, I'm your best student. 
Doesn't that count for something?

In 20 years, Iraq'll be a hellhole nobody cares about.

Terrorism's a short-term threat.

The real threats will come from China, Russia, Iran.

And they'll come as SQL injections and malware.

Without minds like yours, this country will be 
torn apart in cyberspace.

I don't wanna risk losing you for some 
horse shit war over sand and oil.

Sir, I'm surprised to hear you say that.

You don't have to agree with your 
politicians to be a patriot.

Sir, where are you sending me? 
-Take a moment. Enjoy the view.

HONG KONG TUESDAY, June 4, 2013

This is Laura.

Hello. 
-Hello, nice to meet you.

Ewen MacAskill from the Guardian. It's nice to meet you. 
-Nice to meet you, too.

Um, if you don't mind, I'd like to record some... 
-Ah.

Cell phones go in the microwave. 
-Dare I ask why?

We'll get to that after you ask your questions.

Before we get on to the story, I need to know more about you.

Like, your career, by a glance account, 
is very varied, but the Guardian needs evidence ...

Yeah, this is my diplomatic passport for friendly countries.

My tourist passports for everywhere else. 
You can check the visa stamps.

My NSA badge with Booz Allen. 
My CIA badge with Dell.

And this is my DIA instructor's badge.

This is a photo of me with Michael Hayden,

the former head of the NSA and the CIA.

When can you publish?

K, um, do you mind if I sit down? 
-No, please.

Glenn says, you want to tell people your identity.
How do you think your governmentÕs going to react?

Well, they'll charge me under the espionage act.

And they'll say I endangered national security.

They'll demonize me, and my friends and family.

And they'll throw me in jail. 
That's the best case scenario.

And the worst?

Well, if I don't have any media cover, then 
I'll be rendered by the CIA

and interrogated outside of the law.

They have a station right up the street.
-But how would they know what you did?

Because I left a digital footprint in my logs. 
So they'll figure it out.

I did not want a manhunt. I know what they would do to my colleagues.

Look, Mr. MacAskill, this is not about money or anything for me.

There's no hidden agenda. I just wanted to get this data

to established journalists like yourselves

so that you can present it to the world, and the people can decide.

Either I'm wrong

or there's something going on inside the government, 
that's really wrong.

So...

This one is everything I have on your British Intelligence 
agency, the GCHQ.

The encryption key will follow.

You're gonna want your technical people at the Guardian to look
through that thoroughly. There's a lot of stuff there.

Listen, they're gonna investigate, 
and they're gonna figure out what I've done.

And then they're gonna come for me. 
And now that we've made contact,

they're gonna come for all of you, too.

Do you mind if I go look in the microwave?

THE GUARDIAN U.S.
NEW YORK OFFICE

Ewen, I'm on with Stuart. 
-How are you, Ewen?

Hi, Stuart. Look I've got one thing to say. 
The Guinness here is great.

Wonderful. -Absolutely the genuine article. 
-Good.

But shockingly different from what you expect.

So, now we have the lawyers to deal with and no doubt the White House.

I got the go ahead. 
-That's great.

Good, let's get started. We have a lot to go through here and it's not easy reading.
-We can start by showing him XKeyscore.

Good idea. Can you bring it up again and walk us through it? 
-Yeah.

Do we all get under there now? 
-He's protecting his passwords.

Okay, so...

This was introduced during my first 
deployment at the CIA in Geneva.

XKeyscore. What does that do?

It's like a search interface.

What does it search for? 
-Anything you want.

What was your assignment in Geneva?

Well, I was assigned with diplomatic cover to the U.N. mission to

maintain the CIA's computer security network.

I spent almost two years around CIA field officers.

I'm sorry, sir, I don't understand.

Sherman says you hacked the Human Resources site.
-Yeah, it's my job to find flaws.

The security of the HR site is not your problem.
You went outside the wheelhouse.

Okay, but just to clarify, I did not hack.

I showed that it could be hacked. 
You told me to find a patch.

Do you have that in writing? 
-Yes, I do.

Remember, I sent you the proof of concept.

Doesn't matter what you did, Snowden, right or wrong,
you need to let these things be someone else's problem.

He's also put a derog in your file. 
-Excuse me?

Let that be a lesson.  I don't want him calling me again 
about another Ed Snowden moment. Okay?

Why don't you take it easy the rest of the day. 
Go work on the scrubbing pile?

That didn't look like it went well. 
-Uh hey man, uh yeah

No, I just got a derog for doing my job.

Politics, man. Culture of fear wins again.

I can't get anything done here.

Hey um, what about that idea that we've been talking about? 
-I'm workin' on it.

I'm waiting for a callback from our friend at The Hill.

Corbin? You called Corbin? 
Do you think he could do something?

We'll see.  Maybe some limited field ops 
under my supervision.

Yes, that would be amazing, I would love... 
-Easy, Ed.

I've gotta see a cleric in Milan. We'll talk after. 
-Okay. Thank you.

Damn, CIA does not like to leave a trace, huh? 
-Can I help you?

Ever been curious to check one out?

See what crazy ass covert kill mission 
you might be erasing from history?

I'm sorry, who are you with? 
-No Such Agency.

I'm Gabriel Sol. 
I'm the 50 pound brain from the council of wizards and warlocks.

Excuse me? 
-Give me your intel for Bucharest, dude.

Oh. Unless there's another Dave Churchyard.

No, that's me. Right this way.

I'll be right outside. 
-You stay if you want.

Uh no, I don't have authorization to use NSA programs.

If you're the messenger to Bucharest, you must have PRIVAC 
clearance to see the finished intel, yes? 
-Yeah.

So what difference does it make 
if you see how it's put together.

It's up to you, man.

You're giving me just names? 
-Aye, a lot more than names.

What I will be providing you and the fine 
gentlemen of the Secret Service,

is a list of every threat about the president 
since February 3rd.

And a profile of every threat maker.

And these are, like, existing targets?

99% are gonna come from the bulk collection program, so...

Upstream, Muscular, Tempora, PRISM.
PRISM?

You got a little Snow White in you.

Almost makes me feel like the witch bringing you a poison apple.

Exhibit A: Oakland resident Justin Pinsky posted on a message board:

"Romania has a storied history of executing their leaders,

couldn't they do us a solid and take out Bush?"

Oh, this looks juicy. It's from a Gchat.

[I'm going to attack your bush...]

"... With the biggest python, you've ever seen."

How is this all possible?

Um, keyword selectors. "attack", "take out bush".

So think of it as a Google search, except instead of searching

only what people make public, 
we're also looking at everything they don't, so

E-mail, chats, SMS. Whatever. 
-Yes, but which people?

The whole kingdom, Snow White.

Which ambassador is he again?
-De la Hoya, the World Trade Organization.

So, O'Brien came through for ya.

He agrees your talents are being wasted. 
You ready for a little action?

Really? You mean right here? 
-Yeah.

You see the woman in the pink number?

Credit Suisse. JP Morgan's on her arm.

Grandma's with Deutsche Bank. 
10,000 bankers in this town...

all you need to turn is one.

Socialize. Meet a few. Preferably one sitting on a

pile of dirty Saudi money that's funding Bin Laden.

Churchyard. 
-This man is either a fool or a spy.

Mr. Nembrini? asks you, business card please.

An ambassador. Wow.  I wish I had your schmoozing skills.

That's why you have me. 
-Don't know any banker, do you?

Bankers? Are you on some kind of assignment or something?

I'm relationship cultivating, and not well.

Let me help. 
-No, this is serious.

I know it's serious. Trust me.

Any luck? 
-No. No bites.

Is there some kinda trick to it?

It's all about finding the pressure point.

Everything else is just pushin' em.

Looks like you're being summoned.

Marwan, may I interrupt? This is my boyfriend Dave.

Hello, Dave. Nice to meet you. 
-Nice to meet you.

Marwan works at Monfort. We were talking

and after last week he may be able to give you some tips.

Gentlemen, I'll see you inside 
-Last week?

He's embarrassed. 
It was a lot of money for us.

Day trading is a perilous sport.
You shouldn't be ashamed of it.

Yeah.  I'm gonna grab some food.  
See you guys inside?

Sure.

You have a lovely girlfriend. 
-Thank you so much.

You know I work in IT, and so I just figured I could crack the market

like a weak network.

May I ask how precipitous were your losses?

Well, I told Lindsay it was 20,000, but between you and me

it was closer to 45. I tried to recoup, but

that was a mistake, and now without any real grounding,
I feel like I'm just sliding out of control.

I've seen it many times and I'm always happy to help
a man break a bad habit before it gets going.

Well, thank you, I really appreciate it.

It's the cleanest Pakistani I've ever seen.

You got no first degree ties to government or ISI.  No shady family.

Second degree contacts are off the charts, 
but that's everyone in the Middle East with a six-figure income.

It's not dirt that we need necessarily. 
It's a pressure point.

Something intimate. Some kind of weakness. 
Can we look through his family?

How about his sister-in-law?

What is that? Is that some video that she sent somebody? 
-No, this is live.

Out of Paris. 
-What do you mean "live"?

Optic Nerve. It's camera and mic activation.

I wish we could take credit, but the Brits wrote it.

Activation? -Yeah, her laptop's off.

Or was. She just forgot to close it.  Of course, how would she now?
The shit is so sly the webcam light doesn't even turn on.

I've always wondered what was under those.

Let's stick to family in Geneva. Alright?

Okay, Snow White.

Uh 15-year-old daughter at the International School.

Facebook? Is that possible? 
-Dude, Facebook is my bitch.

Seriously?  If she fights with her parents...

Don't worry. I know all the hooks for this kinda fishing.

Query name? E-mail, keyword, whatever selectee we want.

And justification is where I write.

In other words, turning her daddy into a CIA informant.

That's it? -That's it, bro.

You don't have to get a FISA court order?

No, not here. XKeyscore's under 702 authority, 
which means no warrants.

Okay, but U.S. targets, then you'd have to get the court order?

You mean FISA? Yeah, that's just a big-ass rubber stamp, dude.

I mean, FISA judges are all appointed by 
the chief justice, who's like, you know...

Darth Vader when it comes to national security. Boom.

And the boy, third base, is...

... Nadim. Okay.

He's 18. Salmasays she wants to marry him.  
But she's scared of her parents.

And what she does not know is that his other name is...

Nicolas.

And he's currently banging Geraldine and Julie.

And...

He and his Turkish mother are here illegally.

That's it.

What are we doing here? 
-You're making people very happy.

Mr. Marwan's bank handles serious Saudi money 
and a whole bunch of Russian billionaires.

What about any al Qaeda money? 
Anything promising?

Ed, I'm up for a promotion soon; 
I will not forget my friends.

Thank you. This is all going kinda fast. I just sent some initial background.

There he is. The man.  
-Hello, Marwan.

Dave. How wonderful to see you. 
-Good to see you too.

I counting, Marwan. 
You snuck in an extra half hour back there.

I'm afraid she was merely listening to an old man's woes.

Oh, I see. 
-How are you, Marwan?

I must tell you, Dave, since we met

my life has got somewhat topsy-turvey.

I'm sorry to hear that.

But your colleague Charles has graciously offered his help.

So I owe him and you a great deal. 
-Can I ask what happened?

My daughter had a ...

Marwan's daughter took too many sleeping pills. 
She's alright.

It had something to do with her boyfriend, 
who was recently deported.

We're trying to secure a visa for him.

Even so, I'm afraid that Salma will...

I'm sorry. I won't trouble you with such matters.

Hey. Talk as much as you want. Alright? 
Family comes first.

Where is my beauty?

I'm never like this.

You sit down, huh?  Just sit tight.

What the fuck's going on?

I've been acting quickly and effectively on very good
signals intelligence you provided.

And if his daughter had died? 
-We could've used that, too.

Are you serious? What, in the name of a promotion?

Marwan can't be away from his family right now.

So in the morning, when he's facing jail, 
we're gonna offer him a deal.

And he won't turn it down.
Jail? For what?

Drunk driving. Now, I want you to call the police.
Tell em you saw a Mercedes...

No, he's not driving right now. 
Look at him, he'll kill himself.

Okay. I'll call em. 
-Hey.

He's not driving.

Remind me, are you authorized on any of the NSA programs you use?

So we're both doin' a little fucked up shit here, uh?

Watch yourself, Ed. 
-I will tell him who you are.

You reveal the identity of an undercover officer, 
you're going to jail for a lot longer than Marwan.

Hey. -Sorry I'm so late.

How was work?

It was...

alright.

I have to wake up in like, three hours. 
My flight's at seven.

Better be quick, then.

I will provide our intelligence and law enforcement agencies

with tools they need to track and take out the terrorists

without undermining our Constitution and our freedom.

That means no more illegal wiretapping of American citizens.

No more ignoring the law when it is inconvenient.

Hey hon. -Hey.

What happened to the London trip?

Uh, turns out I'm not going.

What's going on? Who's winning?

Still early.

Obama ahead 67% to 32%. 
-Come on, big ears.

...check out Florida.

Holy shit, he's gonna win it.

Florida?
-Yeah!

That's big. 
-It's huge.

You can act nonchalant, 
but I know you are starting to root for him.

I've been watching your inner liberal grow. 
Which I will take a modest percentage of the credit for.

And you deserve it.

What is this?

Oh, yeah, that.  Just leave that there.

Russian hackers. 
Agency says they can activate webcams now.

That's creepy -Yeah, it's bothering me.

Whatever.  It's not a big deal. You shouldn't even bother you. 
-It's not a big deal?

What, that someone could be watching you right now?

No, I'm not hiding anything.

That's such a bullshit line. 
-What is?  
-Nothing to hide.

I don't. 
-Everyone does.

Okay, well then what do I have to hide?

Forget it. 
-No. What have I have to hide?

No, let's just drop it 
-Apparently you think that I'm hiding something, so...

Okay, the other day your computer was open and
I happened to notice you were on the site where we met

...and you're looking at other guys.
-So you just were looking at my computer?

I wouldn't have even brought this up. 
You asked me what do I have to hide,

that's something you're not telling me.

Well, it's... it's not...  I don't do anything. 
I don't meet any of those people.

You're gone for weeks at a time. So it's like 
I'm peering into other people's lives

because my own is just temporarily on hold.

That sounds like an excuse. 
-It's the truth.

I should've told you, and I didn't. Sorry.

But it's not a big deal.

Look at me. I don't want anyone else.

I do not want any other life. Okay?

Listen , uh...

I didn't go to London today because I resigned.

What? 
-Personal differences. A matter of principle.

Can you tell me anything else?

Did you get reposted? 
-No, I resigned the CIA.

So what does that mean? What do we do
-I don't know.

I'll figure it out, but listen...

This is a good thing. Trust me.

I do.

He's gonna win .

He better.

CNN can now project that Barack Obama, 47 years old,
will become the president of the United States.

Every agency and department should know that this administration 
stands on the side

not on those who seek to withhold information 
but those who seek to make it known.

Janine is the website editor of a small, 
stateside office of a British newspaper

up against the most powerful government in the world.

She won't be bullied.

We need to establish that we're not compromising national security by publishing.
-We need to have alternatives.

Listen, Ed.  The real issue here is the day
the White House are aware that Janine has

leaked, top secret FISA court order,

anything could happen.  They subpoena the Guardian. For that matter,
they could break through that door any minute ending all of this.

We are running out of time. We seriously have to think
about doing this on our own website. We have no choice.

You can't just start dumping articles on the Internet.

Look at WikiLeaks. It destroyed their credibility.

Look, Ed, you said it yourself, if this isn't done properly,
the world isn't going to take notice.

You need experienced journalists to lead the public
 through some very, very complicated stories.

We are experienced journalists. 
-My feeling...

Has anyone called here before? 
-Not once. Not in three weeks.

Well, shall I answer it? Tell them it's a wrong number.

Yes?

No I don't.

Okay. Thank you.

Asked if I wanted turndown service and she said

the "do not disturb" sign was off the door.

So?

Do we wait or go on our own?

Look, I said from the beginning that how you publish is 
your business and I trust you.

The only thing I ask is you study the data 
and you be responsible.

No names. No specifics. Anything ongoing that's critical, 
you don't release.

Just stick to the issue of mass surveillance, and 
let the people decide.

You have our word on that, but that's not the question.  
We have to ask...

Right now the White House is arranging a conference call 
between Janine and the intelligence services.

Now that's gonna happen in a few hours. 
Let's at least wait for that.

See what they say to her.

I say we pause a moment.

Yeah, I think we should reassemble in this 
room after the call takes place.

So that's around midnight; be noon in New York. 
-Alright.

I'll take another pass at the PRISM story in the meantime.

We'll be in our hotel room if you need us, okay?

You mind, maybe we take a break from that? For a second.

Yes, sorry.

You wanna take a look? Might make you feel better. 
It's not recording, just on standby.

When did this start for you? 
Not wanting your photo taken?

Uh, probably in Japan. 
Remember every time a camera pointed at me, it was...

I couldn't breathe. 
-Why was that?

I probably spent too much time looking at other people through cameras.

Japan was your first NSA job, right?

Yeah, well as a contractor; Dell. I had a lot of access.

Why'd you go back after Geneva?

Because of the money, and because I wanted to live in Japan.

And because of Obama, actually. 
You know, I thought things were gonna get better with him.

I was wrong.

YOKOTA AIR BASE, TOKYO 2009

What was it like there?

Well, the first part of my day, 
I was building this round-the-clock backup system

called Epic Shelter.

So if there was some catastrophe, say uh, 
terrorists burn down every embassy

and NSA post in the the Middle East, this program would ensure

we wouldn't lose any of that data.

But then I would have to put it aside when visitors would show.

NSA wanted to impress the Japanese. Show them our reach.

They loved the live drone feeds.

This is Pakistan right now.

They were not as thrilled to learn that we wanted them to help us

spy on the Japanese population.

They said it was against their laws.

Of course, we tapped the entire country anyway.

And we didn't stop there. 
Once we owned their communication systems

started going after the physical infrastructure.

We'd slipped these little sleeper programs 
into power grids, dams, hospitals.

And the idea was if the day came when Japan was no longer an ally

it'd be lights out.

And it wasn't just the Japanese. We were planting malware in Mexico,

Germany, Brazil, Austria.

I mean, China I can understand. Or Russia or Iran. Venezuela, okay.

But, Austria?

You're also being ordered to follow most 
world leaders and heads of industry.

You know, you're tracking trade deals, sex scandals, diplomatic cables

to give the U.S. an advantage in negotiations at the G8

or leverage over Brazilian oil companies.

Or helping to oust some third world leader 
who's not playing ball.

And ultimately the truth sinks in that no matter 
what justification you're selling yourself

this is not about terrorism.

Terrorism is the excuse.

This is about economic and social control.

And the only thing you're really protecting is 
the supremacy of your government.

Did you think about going to journalists then?

No, that wouldn't have occurred to me back then.

I thought that the system will self correct.

The President will keep the promise that got him elected.

That's actually when I started reading about you and your films.

It was in Glenn's blog, you were being detained in airports for hours?

37 times. Investigating your own country's wars.

That's why I'm going back to Berlin to edit.

You can trust me with this 
-I do.

I haven't trusted anyone in years.

It was a welcome change when they put me on terrorism watch duty.

Every day I'd go in and I'd get starting points for SIGINT.

Signals intelligence.

A lot of them were American, which felt strange

but you just keep reminding yourself

I could stop a dirty bomb attack and save thousands of lives.

Thing is, you're not just following your bad guy targets, 
you're also following their metadata.

Which is basically, all the phone numbers that they're in touch with.

Let's say your target is a shady Iranian banker 
operating out of Beirut.

Okay, so, you're watching his stuff, but you're also watching 
all the people that he talks to.

Including, you know, his cousin who's 
just some dentist living in Buffalo.

And then you've gotta watch all of that guy's contacts.

And by the time you go a third hop out from the original target, 
you're watching this bartender

chat with her mother about Botox.

'Cause three hops from anyone with, say, 40 contacts...

you're looking at a list of 2.5 million people.

And there's that moment when you're sitting 
there and the scale of it hits you.

The NSA is really tracking every cell phone in the world.

No matter who you are, every day of your life, 
you're sitting in a database

just ready to be looked at.

I AGREE TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY

Not just terrorists or countries or corporations.

But you.

Was Lindsay with you in Japan?

Japan was difficult for us.

I guess you couldn't talk about your work. 
-No.

There was this one night, uh,

towards the end, we were supposed to go climb Mt. Fuji the next day.

Wow. Are you gonna post that on Twitter? 
-No. They're just for me.

What do you think? 
-You should delete those.

It's not quite the artistic critique I was going for.

I'm sorry, you just... you can't have stuff like 
that on your hard drive.

Yes I can. 
-Can you just please, I'm asking you, can you delete them?

Russian hackers again? 
-No.

Is it us?

It's classified. 
-Am I a target?

Of course not. 
-Clearly someone is looking at my nude portraits.

Okay, I shouldn't have brought it up. 
Alright, it's skews of national security.

Well, I am flattered that my boobs are considered an issue 
of national security, but you're gonna have to do a lot better than that.

I'd rather not talk about stuff that could land us in jail.

So that's what the band-aids are about then? 
And your camera phobia.

Because of work? Are they watching us?

Who are they watching? 
-No one, okay. Let's just stop talking.

Let's go to bed, and wake up in the morning, 
go climb this fucking mountain. Okay?

Of course we're not gonna talk about it.  
-What is that supposed to mean?

It means that we don't talk about anything anymore.

You work 12 hour days, you come home depressed.

You play fucking video games and then you fall asleep.

Yeah, I'm tired because I have a job, that's what pays 
for this apartment in the most expensive city in the world.

Which you asked me to come to, 
knowing that I did not have a work visa.

Okay, what if you had one, would you really give up your beautiful 
life of eating and sleeping and going out all the time?

You think you'd really want a career? 
-A career like yours?

Where I'm miserable all the time? No.

That's called responsibility.

Fuck this.

You know what? You have no idea what it's like 
to be accountable for other people's lives

Because you live in a fairytale land where just, 
there are no consequences and no one ever gets hurt.

No. No you, you don't get hurt.

I get fucking crushed. 
-Fucking bullshit, I've done nothing to you.

That's exactly right, you've done nothing!

You don't hang out with me. You don't laugh with me.

You don't even fucking touch me anymore.

Sorry. 
-Stop! No!

We never made it to Mount Fuji. 
Lindsay left pretty soon after that.

I was very lonely there. After three months, 
I left too, I went back to Maryland.

I promised her I'd change, and we moved back in together.

Make sure your knees stay bent, and then you can 
fully extend once you feel stable. Ready?

1, 2, 3. All the way up. 
And you wanna clench between your knees.

It'll burn, but it's a good burn. Perfect.

Twirl around.

Perfect! Oh my god, I'm so proud of you!

When you're really happy, there's a large part 
of you that just wants to stay happy.

You start to think: What can be more important than this?

What? Oh my god, it's so beautiful.

You know, lots of people cruise happily through life.

Why can't I?

A MAN'S USEFULNESS DEPENDS UPON HIS LIVING UP TO HIS IDEALS

I went back to work for the CIA.

My official title was solutions consultant.

Basically I was hawking overpriced hardware for a living.

But I thought you'd resigned. 
-It was all contract work after Geneva.

You know, it's Booz Allen Hamilton or Dell 
in partnership with CIA, or NSA, DIA.

It's the intelligence community's revolving door.

How was it, being back in the States?

It was, uh...

It was really good to be home.

But Maryland was where things started to turn for me.

Every time I felt like I was finally letting go of all the
anxiety and all the questions that used to keep me up at night,

I'd learn something else and I just couldn't ignore it.

Like, there were these three high-level officials at the NSA. 
Bill Binney, Ed Loomis and Kirk Wiebe.

They'd been filing complaints about abuses and overreach for years.

That's all they did, they just filed complaints.

And the FBI raided their homes.

And then there was Thomas Drake. Like the other three guys,

Drake was trying to change things from the inside.

But when nothing worked, he did go to the press.

So they hit him with espionage act and we were shocked. 
The whole intel community.

Why do you think you were charged? 
-To send a chilling message.

To whom? 
-To other whistleblowers. To others in the government.

No to speak out. Do not tell truth to power.

We'll hammer you.

There's a new program being developed at the NSA's ops center on Oahu.

You'd be going up against Chinese cyber divisions.

You interested?

Won't be the vast sums of money you're making now,

but you'll be performing a critical service for your country, 
I know that's important to you.

You mean service like in Geneva? 
-That was a mistake.

Shouldn't have pushed you into that. 
-You didn't push me into it.

I asked for exposure to field ops, you gave it to me. 
I don't hold that against you.

Is there something you do hold against me?

You didn't tell me we were running a 
Dragnet on the whole world, Corbin.

Great shooting, Ed. 
-Thank you.

That's terrific.

So, one thing in the Army I was good at.

You ever think, Ed, since the Second World War, 
it's been 60 years,

and still no WW3.

Why? Because we use our power, generally, 
for the good of the world.

For prosperity. Order.

How can we defend ourselves against nuclear war, 
terror attacks,

cyber attacks without a centralized intel factory 
working around the world night and day?

So we should catalog billions of people's lives?

Most people already catalog their lives with public consumption.

Well, they catalog part of their lives, and they do it by choice.
We're not giving them the choice. We're just taking everything.

Most Americans don't want freedom. They want security.

It's a simple bargain, if... Good girl. Good girl.

If you want to play with all the new toys and be safe

you pay the price of admission.

But the people, they don't even know they've made that bargain.

Where's the battlefield, soldier?

Everywhere. -What's the first rule of battle?

Never reveal your position.

And if one unauthorized person knew? If Congress knew?

So would the enemy. 
-That, Mr. Snowden, is the state of the world.

Secrecy is security, and security is victory.

Thank you, sir.

Someone I want you to meet.

Mr. Lowell. 
-Jim. How are you?

Dorian. Allan. Welcome to the U.S.

How'd you make out today, Corbin? 
-Aw, very mediocre.

Nothing like Ed here.

Apparently, the Army's training people to shoot straight 
-So this is Ed Snowden.

Sir, a pleasure to meet you. 
-The brains behind Epic Shelter.

It's brilliant work. 
-Thank you, sir.

Yeah, I had a few questions I wanted to ask you. 
-Jim ...

Will you excuse me gentlemen? Excuse me. 
-Nice to meet you.

Yeah, it's proving very useful for our UAV program.

Yes, I heard. With foreign site intel transfer.
 

The transfers happen on collection now. 
They go stra

Mossad, if they need it; actionable immediately now, no one sees it.

It's improved the response time of our drone pilots by a factor of ten.

Tell me, you worked signals intelligence in Japan too, yes? 
-Yes, sir.

How'd you like it? 
-It was a very empowering job, sir.

With this new job in Hawaii, there'd be even more access.

I asked Corbin to start the conversation, 
but the offer is mine.

Take your time. It's gonna take a few months 
to get this program on its feet.

You'll excuse me, gentlemen? I see dinner.

Sir, for you? -Uh, no thank you.

Epic Shelter was meant as a backup program.

Lowell's creating this position for you, Ed.

You'll be the first contractor outside Fort Meade 
working counter cyber.

It's your ticket to the top.

Do you believe the United States is the greatest country in the world?

Yes.

Have you used any programs you were unauthorized for?

No.

We're not usually supposed to submit our own work,

but my editor said she'd make an exception.

Pretty neat, huh?

I could just submit an entry.

You ignoring me on purpose or what?

No, sorry.

I was just thinking. 
-About what?

I wonder if... talk to you about it at dinner, 
but let's just, wanna come sit down?

Is everything okay? 
-Yeah.

The, the uh, Deputy Director of the NSA

he offered me a new position.

And uh, that was a while back, and now they need an answer.

Well, is it something you want to do?

I'd be good at it.

Can you tell me anything about it?

You know, I can't. 
-I know. Mission first.

Are there social perks? White House galas, maybe?

The position is in Hawaii.

We worked really hard to get where we're at.

And you're willing to just rip it all up, aye?

We finally have house that we love and a job that I like,

And real friends, and we're close to our families.

I know.  I understand. And if you want to stay, 
then we're staying. That's it.

Don't just say that because I wanna hear it.

I'm not.

I let you go once. I'm not gonna do it again.

Shit, I'm sorry. The pasta. One second.
 

You know, I actually think I came pretty close to 
getting i

I'm gonna get some candles.

Ed. Ed?

I know Tegretol. Know it slows you down. I've seen it with my mo.

She's taken all kinds of medications her whole life.

Well, they work in 70% of cases.

Ed, epilepsy is a serious condition. If you have a seizure

driving yourself or with someone else in the car

or you're in a place where you could fall...

This is not something to be lightly regarded. 
It's essential you commit yourself to this medication.

Okay?

Yeah.

Oh, thank you.

I've been thinking about what the doctor said. About less stress.

A warmer climate could help.

If Hawaii is something that we decide would be better for you,

I'll go.

HONG KONG
Wednesday - June 5, 2013

Janine, how did the White House conversation go?

I made it quite clear that we were in possession 
of an authentic FISA court order.

They wanted to see it; we refused. 
Now I just pray that it's actually authentic.

Are you actually questioning that? 
-No one has ever seen a FISA court order. There's no precedent here.

Our source risked his life for that document. 
It's real.

Tell us, did the White House make any specific 
claims about national security,

that would prevent you from publishing?

No. I asked them repeatedly. 
And they had no substantive answer.

Then there you go.  What more do you want?
You can go out, and know that you're safe.

Glenn, I'd like to talk to Alan before we go any further.

When does he land? 
-In six hours.

No. Absolutely not.  We're sitting ducks here, Janine. 
It's 1pm in New York.

If you don't get this out in the next four hours,
you'll miss the evening news on the East Coast.

But we can post later tonight.

I'm sorry Glenn, but Alan's our editor in chief and I...

Bullshit, the government knows that we have these documents now.

The CIA could barge through this door any minute 
and you want more time.

Act like a fucking journalist and stop stringing us along.

I just stood my ground with the goddamn White House.

I've risked my career. 
How dare you question my commitment to this story?

Okay, let's just keep on... 
-No, you're right, I am questioning it.

This is absolutely inappropriate.

We are publishing ourselves. You're out.

Alright, Glenn. We'll have it ready by 4pm.

I have to go over the story once more 
-Why?

Because it still needs editing, damn you.

All this fucking intelligence jargon is hurting our brains.

This PRISM story is still incomprehensible. 
-PRISM is the second story, Janine.

Verizon is the first story. 
Have it ready to post by 4pm, 5 at the latest.

No games, or we're gone.

'THE TUNNEL' NSA OPS. CENTER
OAHU, HAWAII 
2012

So my new job was counter-spying on the Chinese

At the NSA regional cryptological center on Oahu.

You mind placing your bag down there, sir?

No personal laptops, no usb sticks, no cell phones,

No electronic devices of any kind? 
-No, sir.

Thank you.

Snow White, is that you?

Gabriel? 
-Dude, what the hell are you doing here?

Wow, this is amazing.

What, do you work here? 
-Yeah, yeah. Three years, two months and uh, five days.

But who's counting, right?

It's like, who knew that a secret underground world war 2 air base

would become munchy heaven for a thousand geeks.

So there's good pizza? 
-Good pizza, yeah, it's important. The elevator's slow as shit, though.

Jesus. 
-It's something else, huh?

So, what deck are you working on? 
-You NTOC or ROC?

Between you and me? NTOC.

Cool. You get to hack the hackers. 
You're coming up in the world.

Fresh brains for you, Trevor.

Trevor James, Interactive Ops, Division Chief.

Ed Snowden. 
-I've been briefed.

Next door's NTOC. Defense. That's where you'll be workin'.

Over here we have ROC, our offense.

Now, I move between the two. We run a tight ship here, Snowden. 
-Yes, sir.

You'll be workin' with Haynes. 
-Patrick Haynes. Good to you have you.

You watch out for him. The smartest guy in 
the building right here.

Bro, how many languages do you speak again?

Seven in Code, six spoken, two sign language.

I some American Sign Language.

That's awesome.

Great. Another language I can't understand. 
-I'll check you later, Ed.

Wait for it.

Any moment.

Lights over Waziristan, gentlemen. 
-So, what exactly do we contribute to this?

The underside of that Reaper drone is fixed 
with a big ass antenna.

Snarfing the hardware ID of anything that broadcasts.

We, then geo locate em'. My friend Tasha here with 
the Air Force reins Hellfire. There she is now.

Hey, Trev. You likin' the show? 
-You know it.

We track 'em, you whack 'em. 
-And who did we just track?

Not who, what. We're targeting bad guys' cell phones. 
Sometimes a SIM card.

Okay. And how do we know the bad guy is in 
possession of the bad cell phone?

We don't.
Of course we do. JSOC and CIA have 
their people in the field.

What's the program name?

Epic Shelter. It was originally some backup program for uh...

Catastrophic site failure. 
-Yeah. How did you know that?

I built it. -You?
-Yeah, you know actually, I've been thinking about another use for Epic Shelter.

What'd you have in mind?

Well, I was chatting with Jim Lowell about how there were so many programs...
-Deputy Director Lowell?

Yeah, yeah. And we were saying there are so many programs nowadays,
it's kind of impossible to keep track of them anymore.

Right? So why create a centralized database?

Ah, like an index? 
-Yeah, exactly. Something that updates in real time.

We've already got Epic Shelter collecting our finished intel.

We just need a web portal to catalog it.

Make it searchable. 
-Let me think about it.

In any case, I'd have to run it past Fort Meade. -Ôcourse.
-Did you have a name?

Yeah, if it's not taken, I'd call it Heartbeat.

Heartbeat.

... five, four, three, two, one.

Engage target.

You okay down there? 
-Yep.

This is why I keep saying we need to hike more.

You're right. 
-Hey, can you look at me?

Come on. It's been years.

By social media standards, you don't even exist anymore.

Just one. Smile. Show me your teeth.

My elusive E. Finally captured.

So now I'm a viable boyfriend? 
-Yes.

Such a shame. You used to be such a cute little model.

Little? -Yeah.
-Oh, I was little? 
-Wait!

Stop.

Oh my God. I think you've got some sun.

I'm serious. It looks good. 
-Oh, that's impossible.

Hey, um, I've been meaning to ask you, by the way, 
did you switch pharmacies?

'Cause, I tried to pick up your prescription

and I couldn't. Why did you do it?

Uh, because I was there and thought it would be helpful.

I stopped taking the Tegretol.

What? When? 
-Couple months ago.

And you're just now telling me? 
-I wanted to tell you.

I just... I can't take that stuff. 
It makes me groggy.

And I need to be sharp for work. 
I need to be on the ball all the time.

What is it about this fucking job that makes it 
more important than your life?

I don't understand. 
-Our Government...

Our government, what?

Our government is hemorrhaging billions of of dollars 
every year to Chinese hackers.

And I've been hired to shut them down.

A lot of people are depending on me.

More so than anyone else?

Yes.

No, this ... this is bullshit.

Didn't come to Hawaii for you to heal, did we?

There's never going to be a less stressful job out there.

I feel like I'm made to do this, 
and if I don't do it, then

I don't know anybody else that can.

It's like I'm... 
I'm on a trajectory that I can't turn back from.

You can always turn back.
 

What I wanted to see is if you could give me 
a yes or no answer to the qu

Does the NSA collect any type of data at all

on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans?

No, sir. 
-It does not?

Not wittingly.

There are cases where they could inadvertently, perhaps collect,

but not--not wittingly. 
-Oh,really?

Thank you. IÕll have additional questions 
to give you in writing on that point...

Okay, so uh, what I wanted to show you guys is uh, 
this slide I ran across

while building this indexing program.

And what is this? 
-OK, so this is data collection for the month of March.

Worldwide. E-mails and Skype calls. France. 70 million.

Germany. 500 million.

Brazil. Two billion.

Inside the U.S.

3.1 billion e-mails and calls. That's not including 
any of the telco company data.

Okay, so what's the collection in Russia?

Russia is 1.5 billion.

Wait, so we're collecting twice as much in the U.S. as we are in Russia? 
-Yeah, I figured it would be a lot, but...

This shit is out of hand, man.

Wait, have you shown this to anyone else? 
-No, you guys are the first.

Yeah, you know I'd be careful about that. 
It could seem like you're rocking the boat.

Yeah, you're right.  I just um, I needed to know 
if I was the only one that

thought this was crazy.

The fuck's going on? -Hey, Trev. 
-What are you doing in here?

It's nothing. I was just showing them this one slide, 
I needed some input.

Why the heat map? 
-It's my bad, Trev.

I made a bet with Ed about which country 
we were collecting the most signals from.

He said Iran and I said Pakistan.

Who won? 
-Ed.

Yeah, I'm gonna head out.  I'll see you guys.

You're going down next time. 
-Yeah, okay.

No more bets. 
And I don't want anyone unauthorized in here again.
 

Especially not with Heartbeat. 
-

Happy Birthday!

In Vegas, looking at Afghanistan, so we're working late hours

This blurry object comes wandering into the strike zone.

We all knew that it was a kid. Poof, he's gone.

Call in for clarification, report came back cold.

It was a dog. Okay, fine.

Shift's long. Day and night.

The same village two, three days later.

We see the funeral. We knew it was the kid they buried.
 

Moms and dads were wailin'. And then the ord

Poof.

And they are gone in a cloud of dust.

I mean all of them. The whole fucking family.

But the crazy thing is that you come home after work

kiss the wife and kids, back to work the next day.

Pretty soon, you know, it just all becomes routine.

Fuck that. You make it sound criminal, man.

It's war, it's a job. 
-I dunno know, man.

Think jobs can't be criminal? 
-No, not if you're working for the government.

You ever hear about the Nuremburg trials, Trev?

They weren't that long ago. 
-Yeah.

And we hung the Nazi big shots, right?

Yeah. Well, the big shots were the first trial, but then the next trial

were just the judges, and lawyers, and police men, guards.

Ordinary people just doing their jobs. Following orders.

That's where we got the Nuremberg principles, which then, 
the UN made into international law

just in case ordinary jobs become criminal again.

Just sayin'.

...even fucking touch me...

Oh my God! 
-Dude, you okay?

You okay, man? -Get away. Don't touch him.

Hey, Ed, how are you? How's your health?

Hey, Corbin. Ah, it's...

It's fine. Thanks for asking.

It must be nerve racking, living with that condition.

You wouldn't know it.  Look at your numbers.

200 Chinese IPs down in your first four months.

Those are uh, internal numbers.

Your colleague Trevor, is out of the CIA like you.

He's been keeping me informed of your progress.

It's outstanding work. Heartbeat, as well.

Thank you. Thanks. That means a lot. 
-Lowell is very pleased.

He sends his regards. 
-That's great to hear.

He um...

He doesn't know about your heat map conversations

or some of the ideas you've expressed to your colleagues.

And he's not going to. 
-Yeah, uh...

You know, Heartbeat is proving a tricky project. 
Collating from multiple agencies.

And knowing where to pull from.

It has helped to talk it over with colleagues.

I believe in you. Which is why nothing to you 
after the derog in Geneva.

And I'm very grateful you've looked out for me.

Or after you "omitted the truth" in your polygraph.

What was it you were withholding exactly?
 

You remember that day in class you were talking to us about

You said that they approved Bush's wiretapping programs.

Sometimes we're restricted from telling the whole truth.

Doesn't give us permission to lie. 
-Corbin.

The Director of National Intelligence just lied to Congress.

Sorry.

Look at me.

Did you access an unauthorized program?

That I did not know about?

Yes. It was, uh...

It was in Geneva, it was Lindsay, I was jealous. And I'm sorry.

I never did it again.

Listen...

I know it's been up and down with you and Lindsay since Geneva.

It's tough...keep any relationship going. Few of us do.

So if it will give you any peace of mind, I can assure you 
she's not sleeping with that photographer friend of hers.

if that's what you're thinking.

I have to go to a FIVE EYES conference in Sydney in a couple of week. 
I'll stop by Hawaii on the way back.

Okay?

Okay. Thank you.

I'll see you soon.

Hey Dad.

Did you get the e-mail I sent you with the photos?

I was hoping you could delete them.

What are you doing?

Sit down.

Your e-mail is being monitored. 
-So?

Well, it's different now.  It's not passive collection. 
It's full tape surveillance.

It's your all of your e-mails, calls, texts, social media. Everything.

It's also possible that the house is bugged.

I'm not sure. 
-By who?

By a senior officer at the CIA.

You in trouble? Is it the Chinese thing?

Look, there's things that I wish I could tell you

but I can't because you could get very hurt.

What's keeping you safe is that you don't know anything.

I'm sorry. I really am.  I didn't want any of this for you.

But I know you would think I was doing the right thing.

So just listen to me for a sec, okay? When we go back in the house, 
everything has to appear normal.

We're gonna act like nothing is changed.

But if you do notice something that's weird, you need to tell me right away.

And you're gonna use encrypted e-mail that I'm setting up for you.

I don't think I can do this. 
-Yes, you can. I know you can.

Do I even have a choice? 
-I'm asking you to trust me.

Linz, I think it'd be best if you went back to Maryland for a while.

Tell your parents that I'm away on a business trip.

And that you're homesick. 
-Are you going away?

Yes, but just for a little while.

No, I can't go. -Please, just until I get back?
-I can't go.

You just said that we have to appear like nothing's changed.

If both of us left at the same time, wouldn't that seem suspicious?

I will do this for you.

But it is the last time.

We will meet in the mall, opposite the Mira Hotel, 
on the Monday two weeks from now.

I will be holding a Rubik's cube. More to follow...

You hear about Trevor, bro?

You know that op to own the Internet in Syria?

Yeah, Trevor and his TIO team crashed the core router.

The whole country has gone dark. 
-Jesus Christ.

Figure it out! 
-Poor bastards.

K, I'm gonna, uh, I gotta get to work. 
-Yeah, yeah, me too.

Oh, hey. How's Heartbeat coming?

It's close. It's very close.

Don't tell me you're involved in this too.

Well, Trevor fucking roped me into going through the 
zero day exploit codes. It's a big fucking mess, man.

Why did I agree to it? 
-Good luck.

Hung em like an ?? out to dry. 
-Yeah.

Trouble with the Navy?

One of those idiots ripped some bullshit piece of Israeli 
Code and jammed it down our payload.You fuckin' believe that?

Script kiddies? 
-I know, I know. I should have listened to you. Goddammit.

Is this it? 
-Here it is.

The Israelis must fucking take the fall for this.

I'm not taking the fall for this.

Patrick.

I might not see you again.

You gonna leave me here...

with Captain America?

Thanks a lot.

The NSA may come after you.

I don't know what you're talking about.

You headed home already? 
-Yeah. I'm not feeling so well.

Might not be in tomorrow either.

You know, Trevor's kinda busy, maybe you could let him know for me?

Yeah, it'd be my pleasure.

You know, if you're uh, if you're really not feeling well, dude,
maybe you should go back to the States and see your doctor.

I think that, you know, folks would understand that.

Sounds like a smart thing.

Take care of yourself. 
-Yeah, you too, bro.

Hey, you ever play with one of these?

Yeah, when I was a kid.

You should try it. It's hard.

I can't figure this out.

I don't know about this.

You gotta start with a white cross, actually, 
then you do the corners.

Ah man, well I love these things.

Hey, have a good weekend, man. 
-You too, buddy.

It's live.

WEDNESDAY, June 5, 2013

There's a link to the FISA court order.

Well done, Janine. I told you she was no pushover.

Well, it feels so goddamn good to be wrong.

NSA collecting phone records of millions of Americans daily.

Breaking news tonight. Reports that through a secret court order, 
the Obama administration

is collecting the phone records of millions of Verizon customers.

That's been reported by The Guardian newspaper in the UK.

They said court order shows that all the information is going to the National Security Agency.
CNN has reached out to multiple sources to confirm t

How is that for mainstream media, Glenn?

They can't shut this down now, we've got four days more days of it.
-They have no idea what they're in store for.

It's fantastic.

Another explosive article, has just appeared, 
this time in the Washington Post.

It's breaking news that it reveals another broad 
and secret U.S. government surveillance program.

The Washington Post and the Guardian in London reporting

that the NSA and the FBI are tapping directly 
into the central servers of nine leading internet companies

including Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, AOL,

Skype, YouTube, and Apple.

The Post says they're extracting audio, 
video, photographs, e-mails, documents,

and connection logs that enable analysts to 
track a person's movements and contacts over time.

FRIDAY, June 7, 2013

In the abstract, you can complain about Big Brother 
and how this is a potential program run amok,

but when you actually look at the details, 
then I think weÕve struck the right balance.

U.S. President Barack Obama staunchly 
defends U.S. government programs

insisting that they were conducted with broad safeguards

to protect against abuse.

He reached the conclusion that what was happening 
inside this really secretive agency

was very threatening and menacing to privacy rights, 
to Internet freedom, to basic political liberty.

Not only in the United States but all around the world. 
And he felt it was his duty

as a human being to disclose it.

My name is Ed Snowden. I'm 29 years old. 
I work for Booz Allen Hamilton.

as an infrastructure analyst for NSA in Hawaii.

Well, you can't come forward against the most 
powerful intelligence agencies in the world

without expecting to have some risk. 
They're just such powerful adversaries.

No one can meaningfully oppose them. 
If they wanna get you, they will get you in time.

The kid did it.

...get worse for the next generation, if they extend 
the capabilities of this sort of architecture of oppression.

Then you realize that you might willing to accept any risk

as long as the public is able to make their 
own decision about how this is applied.

Because, even if you haven't done anything wrong, 
you're being watched.

I had access to the entire intelligence community.

So if I had wanted to harm the U.S.

...you could shut down the entire analyst system in an afternoon.

But that was never my intention, and 
I think anybody that's making that argument

They have to think.

If they were in my position

Living in Hawaii, in paradise, making a ton of money,

what would it take, to make you leave everything behind?

The fear that I've had most

in regards to the outcome for America with these disclosures

is that nothing will change in the coming months, 
and the coming years, it will just get worse.

And then, eventually, at some point

some new leader will be elected

who flips the switch

and the people won't be able to do anything by 
that point to oppose it.

And it'll be turnkey tyranny.

How you holdin' up? 
-Yeah, I'll be fine.

You guys have to start watching after yourselves now.

You know, if you have any reason to believe that you're about to

be raided or intercepted or breached in any way, 
you format and destroy all the data immediately.

You have the encrypted backups.

Now I...

I no longer have any access to these files, myself. You guys have them all.

Keep the focus on the stories. That's all that matters.

If you'll excuse me, it's...

We should all get some rest.  We could use it.

Yeah, I should probably lay down in a soft bed, 
while I still have one available, right?

Rest well. 
-Thank you.

See you tomorrow. 
-Good night.

Can you at least tell me where you're going?

Listen, I know that I... 
-Shh.

MONDAY, June 10, 2013

Ewen, I'm on the second floor.

I don't see Tibbo.

No, no-no, wait, I think I see him.

Shit. There's press swarming all over the hotel.

Yeah, I don't know. I'll figure it out and 
I'll stop them with a press conference or something.

Look, we really appreciate this you're one 
of the best lawyers in Hong Kong.

We're gonna take him to the UN first, then 
I prefer not to reveal. I understand...

Shit, they've spotted me. You guys get going.

I will answer your questions in an orderly fashion. Please.

Did you get them? 
-Yeah, this is the best I could do.

You'll be meeting Tibbo in five minutes.

On the skybridge opposite the large mall.

I've met a lot of astonishing people in my life, but you...

Okay, laddie, off you go.

I won't let you down.

You'd make a shitty journalist without a camera.

You sure?

Okay. That's a pretty good idea.

Thanks.

You don't want to leave your luck behind.

Oh, I think I'd like you to have that.

Thanks. For everything. 
-Thank you.

I have a van on the street.

NSA leaker Edward Snowden has now been charged formally with

espionage, theft and conversion of government property.

US officials have asked Hong Kong to detain the 
former contractor on provisional arrest warrant.

Snowden has been in Hong Kong since May. 
-Reportedly, on May 20th...

Snowden has checked out of the luxury hotel 
in Hong Kong where he had been holed up.

You might turn your eyes away.

The Justice Department had to go to Interpol, so that Snowden,

if he tried to cross a border, he could be intercepted and detained.

So, again the Americans are now closing in. 
They almost certainly know where he is.

They just need Hong Kong's approval to get him.
-The Hong Kong government does have an extradition 
agreement with Washington, but the ultimate d

The big question here is: Where is he now?

Thank you. This is Ed. Ed, Mayana. 
-Welcome.

These are good people. They won't talk.

I've been handling their cases for years. They're like you. 
-That's so nice.

They're stateless. 
-Yeah.

So, we're waiting on the UN application for refugee status. 
-Yeah.

Just in case you're arrested, this is where you can call me. 
-Yeah.

Good. -Thank you so much.

You may not feel it, Ed,

but you're not alone.

His longtime girlfriend, Lindsay Mills, 
an amateur photographer

has not been heard from. It's believed she's in 
seclusion in her parents' home in Maryland

and has been questioned by the FBI and remains under investigation.

Ten days have now gone by as the world looks for Edward Snowden.

Rumors have surfaced that a rich supporter is hiding Snowden

somewhere in the Hong Kong hills in a private mansion.

It is now confirmed that Edward Snowden has boarded 
a flight from Hong Kong to Moscow.

The State Department is very disappointed in the 
authorities in Hong Kong for letting Snowden go.

He was accompanied by a representative from WikiLeaks.

Snowden is trying to make his way from Russia to Cuba 
and then to Ecuador for political asylum.

Moscow airport officials say he won't be permitted 
to make his connected flight

because the U.S. government has revoked his passport.

The United States Secretary of State 
John Kerry is outraged

that Russia is refusing to arrest 
the American fugitive.

Now a man without a country is stranded 
inside the Moscow airport.

No, I'm not going to be scrambling jets

to get a 29-year-old hacker.

The president of Bolivia's plane was forced 
down in Austrian airspace today

on U.S. suspicions that Snowden may have been on board.

After 39 days at the airport hotel, 
he slept with his Russian lawyer

and a legal adviser from WikiLeaks, Sarah Harrison.

He can now enjoy all of the the sweet, sweet liberty 
allowed under the regime of president Vladimir Putin.

There is still a thing called execution.

Mr. Snowden actually deserves asylum 
and protection around the globe

but he does have asylum in Russia, at least.

He can engage in the debate he started.

And now the world now has an example 
that you can do the right thing.

You don't have to end up in a cage, one room, a prison.

After more than a year in the country under temporary asylum

Edward Snowden has received a three year residency permit in Russia.

And now, here, live from Moscow, Edward Snowden.

Hi, Ed. How are you doing?

Thank you. Uh, forgive me if I get my bearings a little bit here.

People always said I was kind of a robot.

How is it that you came to be in Russia?

Well, I never intended to come here, you know. 
My passport was revoked

on route to Latin America, so when people say, 
why are you in Russia?

I say: "Ask the State Department."

Does that mean you're willing to go back and face trial?

Absolutely. If it was a fair and public trial.

Unfortunately that's not what would happen right now

as long as the Espionage Act is being used against whistleblowers.

Do you still think it was worth it? 
-Yes, I do.

Without the information to start a public debate, we're lost.

You know, the people being able to question 
our government and hold it accountable.

that's the principle that the United States of America was founded on.

So, if we want to protect our national security

we should be protecting that principle.

What if your argument falls on deaf ears, 
what if our leaders don't act?

I believe that if nothing changes,

more and more people all over 
the world will come forward.

Whistleblowers and journalists, 
but also regular citizens.

And when those in power try to hide

by classifying everything, 
we will call them out on it.

And when they try to scare us into 
sacrificing our basic human rights,

we won't be intimidated. 
And we won't give up.

And we will not be silenced.

You're alone in a foreign country. 
You'll be extradited if you try to leave.

That must be hard.

When I left Hawaii, I lost...

...everything.

You know, I had a stable life.

Stable love. Family. Future.

And I lost that life, but...

...I've gained a new one.

And I'm incredibly fortunate.

And I think,

the greatest freedom that I've is the fact that 
I no longer have to worry about

what happens tomorrow, because I'm happy with 
what I've done today.

Live from the Internet, Edward Snowden.

As of this date, Edward Snowden resides in Moscow.

Lindsay Mills has moved there to join him.

Has your mind changed about him? Is he now more of 
a whistleblower than he is a hacker?

What is going to happen to Edward Snowden? 
-He's gonna die in Moscow.

He's not coming home.

Snowden, is he a traitor or a hero?

He stole very important information.

We have breaking news tonight.

Among the reports, work with Congress to change 
how the NSA collects phone records.

...more transparency by the secret court

that regularly approves the surveillance...

Is it a victory for Edward Snowden? That's gonna depend 
on the eye of the beholder.

The American government was acting illegally.

I don't think he should be brought home without facing the music.

Snowden played a very important role in educating the American people

to the degree in which our civil liberties and 
our constitutional rights are being undermined.

