Thirty all.

Fault.

Out.

Er... 30-40.

Leave it.

I can manage.

-I thought that was supposed to be for Cecil.
-It bores him, I think.

Don't worry, he'll grow into it.

Bardner needs to set the table. Perhaps you'd better take it to the attic for now.

There's plenty of space up there.

All right.

.. by using information set out in tables, he can calculate his longitude.

Excuse me, Reverend Maskelyne, 

I shall have to let them in now.

May I have one minute, Dr Bliss?

Most certainly.

What are you going to do about your precious clocks?

Well,

I'm giving a talk to the Horological Society.

For money?

Of course not.

You can't just sit around here for the rest of your life, you know.

I do know.

-May I make a suggestion?
-Mm-hm?

Admiral Douglas had no right to stop your work.

It was all that publicity about your divorce that gave him the chance.

If you brought the matter to the attention of the navy board yourself,

he would have no legal argument.

You're saying that I should write to them?

Write to Douglas first,

hinting that you might,

but um... giving him the opportunity to um... change his mind.

But that would be blackmail.

Precisely.

I think that's rummy.

Dr Mayer's lunar tables allow the navigator 

to calculate his longitude at sea,

making allowances for both refraction and parallax distortion,

using simple trigonometry.

They suggest that the longitude problem is finally to be solved by a clock,

not a clumsy, man-made device of spinning wheels and levers,

but a celestial clock, whose hands are the moon and whose numerals are the stars,

a dial writ across the sky by the Creator himself.

-What do you make of him?
-A lunatic, and a serious one.

Very good. Terribly good.

Thank you. My Lord Sandwich.

-Morton.
-You honour the Society.

I had thought you might be attending the opera again tonight.

No, my lord, but rest assured, the opera will be visiting me.

-Congratulations, sir. Most interesting.
-Thank you, Your Lordship.

The longitude prize is yours, then.

My lord, I am, I hope a scientist. Knowledge itself is my reward.

Oh, very good.

He has ability, that young man, but little sense.

-How long will it take to prove these tables?
-Oh, not so long. Four years, perhaps.

-Can he beat the old carpenter?
-Harrison? He has lost his way.

His third machine has defeated him, 

or so the rumour has it.

This Society was created 

so that men of science might solve the mysteries of our planet.

I would not wish to see the longitude prize stolen by a country tool-maker.

Did you find the paper of interest, Mr Harrison?

I certainly enjoyed the Reverend's enthusiasm for trigonometry at sea.

My lord, the moon may only be observed 20 days in every month,

and then only when there is no cloud.

It is not a practical solution for navigation.

Please forgive my son William, my lord.  

But he is right, Mr Harrison.

A practical solution is what we all seek.

Tell me, the Society's clock, is it still adjusted by celestial observation?

I believe it is sir. Why? Is your watch wrong?

No, my lord, it's almost right, 

which is much more curious, don't you agree?

-William.
-My lord.

-Four seconds.
-Still no change, then.

It's remarkable.

Mr Harrison, you asked to see me.

Mr Jefferies, I hoped you might be able to do some work for me.

I would be delighted.

Could you make me one of these?

I need the teeth to be set a little further apart.

I've done a sketch of the details.

Yes. Yes, that should be possible.

-Would next week be acceptable?
-Oh, yes, yes, of course. Thank you.

Oh, Mr Jefferies, your watch...

Is there a problem, Mr Harrison?

No, no. I'm quite pleased with it.

The modifications are encouraging.

I want to make another.

It must be a little larger, of course, to incorporate some changes I have in mind,

and I was wondering if you would consider assisting me.

-I would be happy to.
-Thank you, Mr Jefferies.

See you next week.

What are you doing?

I mean to make another.

But the third is almost ready. We cannot afford to be distracted now!

You've seen how the watch has performed in the test.

It's not perfect, but what if I could make it so?

What if I could make a timepiece no bigger than the span of a man's hand

that could be taken to sea?

Now, wouldn't that be a practical solution?

Harrison's fourth machine, by reason alike of its beauty and its accuracy,

must take pride of place as the most famous chronometer

that ever has been or ever will be made.

But the journey from his third machine, which you see behind me,

to his fourth, thank you,

is one of the most extraordinary mysteries in horology.

Faced as he was by a seemingly insuperable problem

of centrifugal forces, Harrison took a daring and lateral leap.

It is as though an aeronautical engineer suddenly ceased development on a new aircraft,

and, instead, adapted the technology to make his bicycle fly to France.

H4, as I've come to call it,

resembles a large, silver, pair case watch,

about five inches in diameter.

Indeed, it seems to have been designed for daily wear in the pocket of some Brobdingnagian.

At the moment, it's not working,

but that is a state of affairs that I hope, very shortly, to do something about.

We should be finishing our third machine, 

not wasting time on this deck watch.

Wasting our time?

The machine is almost ready for its sea trial.

We've not had time to conduct a 28-day test on this watch, 

let alone three- or six-month trial.

I'll go when I'm ready, and not before.

Then we need to apply for more money.

We cannot survive any longer on what we have.

Mr Jefferies at least should be paid, even if we are not.

-Are you unhappy, Mr Jefferies?
-Me, sir? No, sir.

There, you see?

Mr Gould, Francis Grey.

I enjoyed your talk very much.

I'm looking for people who can explain science in language 

that anybody can understand.

Children, for example.

-Do you have any of your own?
-Two, but we're separated.

-Not divorced?
-No.

Oh, well, that shouldn't be too much of a problem.

Next time you're in town, perhaps you'd care to come and see me.

-I'd like to talk to you about something.
-Certainly.

Oh, good. Here's my card.

You'll find me at the BBC.

-Mr Harrison.
-Reverend.

I think you know Captain Campbell.

Captain Campbell of His Majesty's ship Dorsetshire. Congratulations.

Captain Campbell has been assisting me in the testing of Dr Mayer's tables.

The Reverend is making me a mathematician.  

The results are very encouraging.

I've been commissioned by the Royal Society to go to St Helena to observe the transit of Venus,

so, on the way, I am to make further tests of the tables.

-What brings you here?
-We're applying for...

A trial.

A West Indies trial,

specified by the Act of Longitude.

That's great news, and not before time.

I'd almost given up on you, Mr Harrison.

I hope you will accept my services in any way I can be of assistance.

-Thank you.
-Mr Harrison.

Gentlemen.

-My lords, I have come... -For more money.

That is your normal reason for honouring our presence, 

is it not, Mr Harrison?

Your lordships, my third timepiece is completed.

I'm testing a fourth, 

which may be of great service with respect to the longitude.

My son has been urging me for some time to put them to trial.

I've decided to agree,

and wish to apply to take them to the West Indies.

What?! A West Indies trial?

You told me the machine was not even adjusted!

That is what I understood, my lord, 

but apparently he's making a new machine.

What did the Board resolve?

It was suggested that he travel to the West Indies

with Captain Campbell on the Dorsetshire.

If he has to have a trial, it mustn't be with Captain Campbell, 

who is his friend.

Maskelyne's trip to St Helena will take four months.

Harrison must not be permitted to return first.

We must find some other occupation for the Dorsetshire.

-With your permission, my lord. -Please, carry on.

Please, please, stay.

Observe. I think you'll find this most interesting.

This is the pineal gland, the gland that controls our emotions.

So, this is the first.

Yes, sir. My father took it to Lisbon when I were eight years old.

Beautiful. Quite beautiful.

-May I?
-Of course.

Oh! Remarkable!

It has kept time continuously for 24 years.

And this is the second, and this the third?

And this is our new watch.

Extraordinary!

I congratulate you, Mr Harrison.

-Which will you take to the Indies?
-I will take neither.

I'm an old man, not fit for a long journey.

Besides, I'm no sailor.

My son has an enthusiasm for the sea which I do not share.

-I shall send him in my stead.
-But you must be present for the trial.

My lord, as you know, we've had difficulty in finding a ship.

Mr Campbell wished to take us, 

but he was ordered away on other business.

The delay has, however, allowed me to continue testing my watch.

I'm pleased with it. Very pleased.

I shall keep the third machine here in London with me,

send the watch for test under the care of my son William.

Well, I hope to be of assistance.

I can't promise you 

a captain as sympathetic as John Campbell,

but I will do my best.

Thank you, my lord.

-What is their crime?
-Selling alcohol.

There's a rumour that the ship's beer is rotten 

and the men may be forced to drink water.

These three were caught selling their own brew at an exorbitant price.

Is water so terrible?

Mr Harrison! Please do not walk away!

It is a requirement that punishment should be witnessed by the whole crew.

Every stroke that you do not observe

will be taken again.

Thank you, gentlemen.

This is what I mean.

This is your water, sir.

This is what there is for the men to drink if the beer is foul.

How far do you reckon Madeira, Mr Learmouth?

Two days, travelling south-southwest.

Damn and blast the bloody purser.

We should all have dry throats by then.

I believe that we are closer than that, 

but the direction is due south.

Did you speak, Mr Harrison?

Well, according to the watch,

we should sight Porto Santo at dawn tomorrow 

if we hold our present course, due south.

I've checked the figures very carefully.

What do you say, gentlemen?

Mr Harrison, 

I don't pretend to understand your calculations,

but I'm under instruction to test your watch.

And test it we damn well shall.

Mr Learmouth, hold this course until tomorrow morning.

Yes, sir.

Send my compliments to the captain. 

I think he should come down here.

Pigswill!

Pour me a drink.

Neither myself nor my officers will drink anything this evening

other than the same water that is in front of you.

-It ain't fit for...
-Stop that man!

I will not tolerate being interrupted when I'm speaking!

Now, I am aware that what is in front of you

is not the sweetest of beverages,

but we have a guest on board our ship

under instruction from the Admiralty.

He has assured me that 

we will be able to take on fresh water tomorrow from Madeira.

He has a machine that has made this clear to him.

Is there anyone here who wishes to quarrel with Mr Harrison's machine?

Good.

Then kindly get on with your meal.

-Good morning, sir.
-Good morning, Captain.

-What time is it?
-Five.

Not long now, then.

No, sir.

Lookouts aloft, Mr Learmouth?  

They've been up for half an hour.

-And the horizon?
-Horizon!

-Horizon clear!
-Horizon clear!

Thank you, Mr Learmouth. Let's put an end to this.

Mr Seward, I want all hands to quarters within the hour.

Mr Learmouth, set a new course, please, south-southwest.

If there are any complaints about the delay,

the men can take the matter up with Mr Harrison.

-Sir...
-Lieutenant?

Just that cloud over there.

You don't think it could be...?

Give me your glass.

Land ho!

Land ho!

Mr Harrison, it seems I owe you an apology.

And may I put my marker down here and now

for the first watch that your father makes to go on sale to the public?

Can you manage all right? If you put it on the back seat, I think it will be good.

Rupert!

I think you'd better take this as well.

H4. Thank you very much.

I'm sorry if we appeared to act a little hastily.

Anyway, I'm very pleased.

I feel like Jack and the Beanstalk, 

stealing the treasure from the giant's castle.

-What?
-Nothing.

-Nice motorcar!
-Not mine, I'm afraid.

Borrowed it from a chum in the RAF. 

I can't afford one.

-Of course.
-Are you all right? Thank you so much.

Look, if there are any expenses involved, tools or whatever,

make a note of them and send them to me.

Thank you so much.

News of your achievement is all over town,

as is the fact that you are about to win 20,000 pounds.

You're going to be a very popular young man, Mr Harrison.

-I envy you.
-Thank you.

But I have to get back to London before I can be sure.

Mr Harrison...

You are clearly not aware that while you were at sea,

war was declared with Spain.

Frankly, 

I'm surprised the admiralty permitted you to travel to Jamaica at all.

They must have known that you were likely to be stranded here.

Well, there has to be a ship going back to England.

No. I'm afraid not.

Besides, it would be too dangerous to travel unescorted.

I'm sure you wouldn't wish your watch to be captured by the Spanish.

Enjoy yourself.

This is a very beautiful island.

-Where are you going to put it?
-In the attic.

And the job?

What?

You said you were going to London about a job.

Oh, yes, I did.

-I met Uncle Mac.
-Uncle Mac?

You don't have an Uncle Mac!

I do now. He offered me a job on the wireless.

You're not going to play records, are you?

Not quite.

Do you speak English?

She wants to know which of you is the rich bastard.

My dear girl, I'm the rich bastard.

Perhaps you would allow me the honour of the next dance.

Look over there.

-Who are they?
-They're from the Merlin.

Arrived this afternoon to offload some prisoners and claim their bounty.

The ship's a hulk, two masts sprung, 

and half the rigging gone.

They were on their way to England when they came across a privateer.

Lucky bastards.

What's the name of the captain?

Irish fellow. Bourke.

William Bourke

Let's see... two,

four, six,

8 10 12\Neight, ten, twelve.

So, that's three officers and twelve men,

Harrison, we'll take you with us as long as you're ready to leave tomorrow.

Tomorrow?

We sail on the noontide.

-Mr Sayer!
-Sir?

-I need you finished up there within the hour.
-We'll be ready.

I'll have to check to establish the longitude of the island.

Can't you wait another day?

My orders say I must make sail as soon as I'm seaworthy.

So... you'd better get on with it, then.

-How is it?
-Almost there.

What time do you make it?

-Well, the watch says...
-Not the watch.

I don't need the time back in England.

The Merlin leaves on the noontide.

-How long have I got?
-About an hour, I should say.

I'll do the calculations later. 

I don't want to be stranded here for four months.

Maskelyne may be on his way back from St Helena with his lunar results.

Come on. Give us a hand.

William, one of these chaps says he's a fisherman.

He's got a boat moored on the beach below. 

He could take you out. It would save time.

-Are you sure?
-I don't think you have an option.

-The Merlin won't wait for you.
-Well, come on, then!

-Good luck!
-Thank you!

Mr Harrison, I can see you live dangerously.

-I like that. Welcome aboard.
-Thank you, Captain.

I can see I'm not the only one.

-Set the upper topsails, Mr Parker.
-Aye, Captain.

-Set the upper topsails!
-Set the upper topsails!

Have done with your sums, Mr Harrison. Go up on deck.

It's a fine sight.

I cannot be certain till we are back in England,

but, according to my workings,

if we take the rate into account,

we've lost under a minute 

since the watch left London ten weeks ago.

The er... rate?

Well, we know the watch loses 211/22 seconds a day.

We call that the going rate. 

I used that in my calculations for Madeira.

Taking that into account, 

there's a possible error in longitude of less than half a degree.

Let me be the first to congratulate you.

No, thank you.

I'm already drunk.

All my life... my father's life,

has been for this moment.

Listen.

If the watch stops now, sir,

so does my heart,

for there will be no proof of its achievement.

Half a degree.

We've won the prize, Captain.

We've won the prize!

Captain, Spaniard about a cannon shot away.

Every man to his station! 

Tell the master gunner to report to me on deck.

Aft, loosen your guns! Get those portholes open!

I don't know what she's waiting for.

-Stand the guns by. -Aye, Captain.

Steady!

-Fire as she comes by!
-Fire as she comes by!

The dial is of white enamel with an ornamental design in black.

The hour and minute hands are of blued steel, 

and there is a polished centre second hand.

The movement can be swung out of the case, turning on a bolt and joint,

exactly as do those of ordinary watches of the period.

It's no good. We're going to have to try and outrun her.

Mr Markland,

put on all the sail she can carry and set a course due east.

Aye aye, Captain.

Can we get any more men aloft, Mr Bandelwine?

We're taking on water forward.

We've got to keep the pumps manned, sir.

I want eight men at the pumps at all times, changing every quarter.

-Mr Hallam, I'm holding you responsible.
-Yes, sir.

The pallet radius and crown wheel are both very small compared with the balance,

but, not content with this,

Harrison fitted, between the fourth and crown wheels,

a most ingenious remontoir,

whose action, at first sight, is almost uncanny.

Right, lads, over she goes!

Steady up now. Take it up. Take it up there.

Boatswain?

If we get it on top of the hole, 

the suction should hold it.

We'll have to keep the pumps going day and night, sir.

The mist is starting to lift.

Quick as you can, Boatswain.  

You heard the captain. Steady now.

Haul away! Come on, now!

The watch beats five to a second,

a slight recoil being perceptible at each beat,

and goes for 30 hours.

The plates are of brass, polished, but not gilt.

The pivot holes are jewelled as far as the third wheel,

that is to say, those of the balance, staff, detent,

contrate wheel, fly, fifth, fourth and third wheels.

The jewels are rubies,

and the end stones, diamonds.

It is a masterpiece,

weighing only slightly less than the brain that conceived it.

Harrison.

Morning, Captain.

How is your watch?

Dry, sir, I think.

It must be the only thing on board the ship that is.

Who will believe in a naval watch that cannot survive a storm?

There's many a ship that doesn't survive a storm, Mr Harrison,

but the navy don't stop making them.

It's not the navy I have to convince, sir. It is the Board of Longitude.

I'm very sorry, Reverend, to hear that your journey to St Helena was unsuccessful.

Unsuccessful, sir? I think you've been misinformed.

1,000 miles to observe the planet Venus, and it turns out to be a cloudy day.

Am I misinformed?

The transit of Venus was but one part of my expedition.

My lunar observations on board were most interesting,

as I shall explain to the Board.

Mr Harrison.

-Mr William Harrison.
-We'll go together.

My instructions are quite clear, sir.

Don't worry, they can't hurt us. We've won.

Mr Harrison, is this your idea of a scientific observation?

I must apologise, sir, 

but the journey back was very difficult, 

and the papers were damaged.

I am referring to the fact that 

it appears only one observation was taken in Jamaica.

No, no. Two, sir.

But the second, it appears, was taken from another position.

I had very little time, sir, 

but I can assure you 

the observation was most carefully taken,

with witnesses present, as instructed by the Board.

Mr Harrison, do you have any formal astronomical training?

No, sir, 

but I have been taking observations for my father since I was six years old.

Really?

Mr John Harrison.

My lords, gentlemen, if I may beg your indulgence,

it is 25 years since I first had the honour 

to address this Board

under the chairmanship of Dr Edmund Halley,

and since that time I worked with only one ambition to

to satisfy your requirements, as laid down by act of parliament 

for the discovery of longitude at sea.

It is with both great pride and honour

and humility that I stand here today with my son

after his great trial.

Thank you, Mr Harrison.

-May I?
-Thank you.

I have asked you here to inform you of the resolution of the Board,

that firstly, the brief calculations of Mr William Harrison are to be sent for computation

and the instruments used in those observations are also to be sent for examination.

The Board will then consider these reports at a further meeting,

the date of which will be announced in due course.

That will be all for now, gentlemen.

Sir, I am an old man,

and an old man can sometimes find his senses unexpectedly weakened.

There is, perhaps, an element of your argument that I have misunderstood,

or even misheard.

My watch...

Lost one minute, 53 and half seconds after 81 days at sea,

as witnesses signed in the papers you have before you,

which you seem so keen to put away.

I have fulfilled the terms most exactly, as laid down in the Act of Queen Anne,

and I demand that you consider the question of my reward.

Mr Harrison, 

I am not a commissioner of the gaming board here to settle some bet.

I am a scientist, bent on investigation of a most serious subject.

Now, the Board are, at present, unsatisfied with the information before them,

but have decided to make further investigation with the help of some expert advice.

Now, you will be summoned in due course to hear the results of that investigation.

Thank you.

-They're disputing the observations.
On what grounds?

Too few, taken from different positions.

It is no more necessary to make multiple observations

}than it is to look at one's watch 100 times to tell the time.

I'll go to Greenwich and start a programme of experiments to prove that.

We shall fight them.

They're interested only in observations, not in the timekeeping of the clock.

Because they are astronomers. It's all they understand.

Rupert Gould, 10.30.

Programme?
Children's Hour.

You've got 7 and half minutes, which is about 1,500 words.

How long is your script?
I don't have a script.

But you have to have a script.

I have a watch. Don't worry, it'll be 7 and half minutes.

Well, don't forget, at the end, say, "Goodbye, everyone,"

count to three, one, two, three, then say goodbye.

-Why the pause?
So the children can say goodbye back to you.

I want you to close your eyes

and try to think a thought that nobody else has ever thought before.

Think very hard.

Pay no attention to anybody else around you.

what you see, is it just darkness?

Or is there a picture?

Most of us, with our eyes closed, just see the dark,

but the artist or the scientist can sometimes see something new,

something never thought of before.

It's these ideas that can change our lives,

and the people who think of them,

whether they are musicians, painters, architects or engineers,

are called inventors.

Some of you listening now are inventors.

Open your eyes. Look around. Can you tell who it'll be?

-Will it be somebody with untidy hair?
Very good.

I doubt it.

But new inventions often seem strange at first,

even frightening.

Something that seems normal to us, 

the clock ticking on the mantelpiece,

would have seemed like a magician's trick a few hundred years ago.

Mr Harrison, 

we have asked you here to acquaint you with the resolutions of the Board.

We find that the Jamaica trial recently undertaken was not sufficient

to determine the longitude at sea laid down by act of parliament.

Sir, I beg to differ.

Please, let me finish, Mr Harrison.

The Board therefore wishes to instigate a further trial,

with Mr Harrison or some suitable individual,

accompanied by an astronomer approved by the Board

to witness the observations.

Gentlemen, at our last meeting

you questioned the observations taken by myself in Jamaica.

Since then, I have compiled an extensive report prepared at Greenwich.

Please don't exert yourself, Mr Harrison.

The Board has withdrawn the objections to your observations.

Then why did we fail?

One trial of the watch proves nothing.

The results may have been chance alone,

and, besides, the Board is not satisfied that the true longitude of Jamaica is known,

and feels, therefore, that a proper evaluation is impossible.

But you knew that all along.

May I see the results of these computes?

I don't think so, do you?

No, I'm afraid not.

I mean that would require their individual permissions,

and we don't have that at the moment.

Now, I must ask you, Mr Harrison, 

whether you will accept the resolution of this Board

for a further trial accompanied by an official astronomer?

A maritime museum's a marvellous idea.

And the perfect place for Harrison's masterpieces.

We've already written to the Science Museum 

to tell them that we want them back.

They were not pleased, I can tell you.

In fact, I've applied for one of the curatorships.

Yes, I know.

I wanted to talk to you about that.

Have they considered my application?

I'm afraid your application was not officially put before the committee.

-Why?
-Well...

I'm not the one that decides these things, 

but after all that nonsense in the newspapers,

it was not felt... appropriate.

That's it, keep her level.

Steady as she goes.

Very good. Excellent.

Keep coming. There. Yes.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Of course.

Ah, good morning. 

Christopher Irwin and the marine chair.

Oh, good morning to you, sir.

Mr John Jefferies at your service, 

and may I present Mr John Harrison?

The clockmaker? I'm very honoured to meet you.

I take it this machine is intended for the taking of lunar observations.

Yes, impervious to the weather... And the waves.

It's er... It's my own invention.

John!

It's... Up we go.

It's simple, yet...

.. effective,

and will completely solve the problem of the longitude.

I've made two, 

ready to sail to Barbados with Reverend Maskelyne.

-Maskelyne?
-Yes.

They said I should be here at midday. Mr Bliss was most particular.

Mr Harrison.

Oh, I can manage, Jefferies.

Mr Irwin.

My lords, this is prevarication.

If no astronomer is appointed, then the matter must be postponed.

I humbly beg your indulgence...

Sir, we're aware that you have made various unsuccessful applications,

and, not surprisingly, 

no reputable man has agreed to waste his time on such an expedition.

We should therefore move on to other matters.

-Ah.
-My lord...

I must apologise for my late arrival.

Mr Harrison, we are discussing the matter of an astronomer

to accompany the trial of your father's watch.

My lord, I have a proposal.

-Mr Greene near Greenwich has...
-We have already covered this.

We did write to Mr Greene, 

but sadly, I spoke to him yesterday, and he must decline.

His recent duties at the observatory are extremely demanding.

I can confirm this, my lord. I was there, 

and Mr Greene was adamant.

My lord, I've just come from Greenwich, 

where I had the good fortune to speak to Mr Greene.

I trust, Mr Harrison, 

it's not your intention to question the word of two members of this Board.

No, my lord, but Mr Greene has kindly agreed to accompany me here.

No, I certainly have never seen anything like it.

Most extraordinary.

It stays completely upright in any weather.

-I see.
-Mr Greene?

What are you doing here?
I am not sure, Reverend.

It has been a most confusing morning.

Christopher Irwin. The marine chair.

-Mr Greene.
-Excuse me.

You wouldn't, by any chance, be the Reverend Maskelyne?

-What?
-My name is Christopher Irwin, and this is...

-The marine chair. Yes, I think I'd gathered that.
-Right.

So, in principle, Mr Greene, you would be prepared to accompany the expedition?

Yes, but...

But what you are saying, I think, 

is that you would require permission from your superior.

Correct me if I'm wrong.

Well, perhaps my colleagues and I could help you in that.

Dr Bliss, who, exactly, is Mr Greene's superior?

You know perfectly well he works for me at the observatory.

If you were to remove your objection, the matter may be settled.

My lord, I believe the Reverend Nevile Maskelyne would be a more suitable observer.

His presence on the trial would allow us to test the lunar data he is compiling.

I have here a copy of his new publication, The British Mariner's Guide.

It contains an entry for the position of the moon at every day of every hour for the next three years.

It enables, with observation, the calculation, 

at sea, of the longitude.

Very well, my lord, I propose that both Mr Greene and Mr Maskelyne go.

Can we all agree on that?

Then the matter is settled.

I think there may be one or two other points to clarify.

We would like to see six equal-altitude observations per day for three consecutive days.

Impossible. 

You cannot get six observation a day at Greenwich, 

let alone the West Indies.

-Captain Campbell?
-He's right, my lord.

Let it read, "as many as are practical". 

Very well, for as many as are practical.

Keep him level.

The watch must be submitted to me at the observatory for testing

to determine its rate before the second trial.

I'm not letting the watch out of my sight.

We need to determine the rate.

Captain Campbell, enlighten us.

My lord, I think the rate should be determined by whoever is closest to the instrument,

which must be Harrison.

If it is disclosed before the voyage starts, there is no possibility of dissimilation.

We believe the Reverend Maskelyne 

should travel on a different ship than the Harrisons'

so that he may have more time to set up his instruments for the observation of Jupiter's moons.

Agreed.

Agreed.

The Reverend Maskelyne will be in Barbados one month before you,

and will have everything prepared for your arrival.

It remains for us to wish you every success aboard His Majesty's ship Tartar.

Hear! Hear!

Mr Harrison.

Here's to a successful voyage.

-Well?
-I'd like to take another observation.

-Just to be sure.
Indeed.

-Captain Lindsay.
-Certainly.

Mr Irwin, you're just in time to witness our observation.

We were expecting you to meet us.  

No-one told us that you had arrived.

The transmission of information is not a strong point among the inhabitants of this island.

How was the voyage? 

Very satisfying. Where is Maskelyne?

The man's an idiot.

-Could you hold this a moment?
-Er... yes, of course.

He has no understanding of my chair.

Simply because a hinge broke on the second day out,

causing him some very minor inconvenience, he's refused to use it.

What sort of a scientist does that make him?

23 degrees of elevation.

And the watch at... 3.57.

That gives us a longitude of 59 degrees, 0 minutes and 30 seconds.

Captain Lindsay, would you be kind enough to give me your signature, sir?

-Is that it?
-What do you mean?

-Is that all you do?
-Sorry to disappoint you, Mr Irwin.

What did you expect?

-Mr Greene, would you care to witness?
Of course, Mr Harrison.

Well, the Reverend Maskelyne spends half the day calculating his sums,

and with a good deal of bad temper besides.

I have, once or twice, offered to help, being something of a mathematician myself,

and have been most rudely addressed by him.

That's lunatics for you.

You'll find him very confident.

-Of what?
-That the longitude solution is found.

He was very annoyed that it was not recognised after the voyage to St Helena,

but he's convinced it is his now.

He's told half the island, as a result of which,

he's followed everywhere by the three unwed ladies of the town and their mothers,

who are convinced he is to be rich.

He doesn't seem to notice, though.

I don't think he's very... interested.

Oh, it is a hard life, I admit, 

but I find myself enjoying it.

No, there's no more training required whatsoever.

I mean, anyone who's sat down before can use it. 

Well, almost everyone.

Thank you.

I'd expected to see the Reverend Maskelyne here.

He sends his apologies. Thank you.

He's at his observatory. It's out there in the hills, outside the town.

He's expecting to see you tomorrow morning.

-You must be proud to be part of his expedition.
-I beg your pardon?

Madam, Mr Harrison intends to challenge the reverend gentleman, not to support him.

He is his competitor.

Oh, dear. How silly of me.

Congratulation on the safe trip

Welcome to this island paradise.

Good morning.

I was sorry to miss you at dinner last night.

Those things become predictable after a while. It was such a perfect night.

-I understand you are to be congratulated.
-Really?

Everyone at dinner informed me you'd won the longitude prize.

You should not take talk like that seriously.

I wouldn't, were it not for the fact that the talk apparently came from you, Reverend.

Under the circumstance, I think it would be improper that you take the equal altitude observations

that will determine the accuracy of my watch.

I would prefer them to be taken by Mr Greene 

and witnessed by Captain Lindsay.

How dare you say that to me, sir?

I am a scientist.

Oh, dear boy, I don't think he meant... 

Shut up, you stupid man!

Gentlemen, could I suggest a compromise?

Damn and blast this bloody contraption!

It's impossible to take a measurement under these circumstances.

28 degrees and 15 minutes.

28 degrees and 15 minutes.

-28 degrees, 15 minutes.
Would you be quiet?

I'm so sorry to have disturbed you. We are quite finished.

Look, old man, why don't you make another observation tomorrow?

I'm sure the conditions will be better.

Get out of my way!

William...

I thought we'd lost you.

I think perhaps you have.

You know, today is the first day I can remember when I haven't looked at a clock or a watch,

or even done a calculation.

I didn't know what to do at first. I had just started to walk.

-What is it?
-Bad news, I'm afraid.

I've found you a ship.

She's a merchantman. Captain's name is Robert Manly.

He seems a good fellow,

and er... she sails at noon tomorrow.

What will you do?

Sell the house, I suppose. No choice about that.

-I can't afford to keep it.
-Well, where will you live?

Oh, I'll find somewhere, a small hotel.

What about the clocks? I don't suppose a hotel would put up with them.

There's only one left, you'll be pleased to hear.

It's proving to be a bit tricky.

I'm sending it back to Greenwich. I'll finish working on it there.

Oh, yes. Cecil said you'd applied for a job as a curator.

No, no, I er... I changed my mind about that.

Well, goodbye, then.

Goodbye.

Laura says there's going to be war.

-What do you think?
-I don't think so.

It's all phooey.

Thank you so much for coming.

-How is he?
-Very weak.

He's angry he could not be there to greet you. He received your letters.

How long has he been like this?

Since you left.

Try not to get him excited.

The fever is strong. I have bled him, 

but he's very weak, and I dare do no more.

-I'll come back tomorrow.
-Thank you.

When I was just a baby,

I remember lying in bed very sick,

and my mother holding a watch in front of my face while she sang to me.

I don't remember the song,

but the ticking of the watch seemed like an orchestra playing with her,

and then she... she laid the watch on my pillow.

Afterwards, she used to say it sent me to sleep.

But it didn't.

People say the tick of a clock

is like a single sound,

but it's hundreds.

It's hundreds of tiny frictions, expansions and contractions,

all twisted into a single moment.

I'm very sorry I wasn't there to meet you.

Don't mind about that. We did it.

Mr Greene was there and witnessed everything.

Even Maskelyne can't deny it.

This time they can't refuse us.

I'd like to see their faces when you tell them.

He looks pleased with himself.

Still, there is one piece of news.

The Very Reverend John Bliss fell off his horse whilst taking exercise in the park.

He did not recover.

It's devastating, isn't it?

Who is to be Astronomer Royal?

Not decided yet.

Mr William Harrison.

Mr Harrison, 

you may have heard of the sad death of the Astronomer Royal in your absence.

I'd like to take this opportunity to present the new Astronomer Royal.

Good morning, William.

The Reverend Nevile Maskelyne,

recently returned from a successful trip to the West Indies.

The members of the Board will be familiar, I think, with his report

and the astonishing success he had on his journey,

and the triumphant use of Professor Mayer's tables.

My lord, I'm sure I also must congratulate the Reverend Maskelyne, but as we all know,

the calculation with the watch may be completed in a matter of minutes,

and does not depend upon the weather.

Be quiet, Mr Harrison.

We are coming now to the matter of the watch and the opinion of the computers.

Captain Campbell. 

You attest this is your report 

and that you and your colleagues agree on it?

-We do.
-Very well.

Mr Harrison, please step forward.

It is the finding of this board that the watch or timepiece

created by John and William Harrison did keep correct time

within the greatest accuracy required by the Act of Queen Anne

as drawn up by parliament 51 years ago.

My lord, may I have a copy of those to show my father?

He has waited a long time to hear Your Lordship's kind words.

In good time, Mr Harrison.

Astronomer Royal, would you be kind enough to read the fifth paragraph of the Act?

"And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

that as soon as such method for the discovery of the said longitude shall have been tried, 

and found practicable and useful at sea... "

Thank you. "Practicable and useful. "

Those are the words I wish to draw to your attention.

We accept the usefulness of the watch, but is it practicable?

Mr Harrison has never permitted this committee to examine the workings of his timepiece.

I suggest to you that is because he himself has doubt

about the practical use of his invention.

My lords, you must understand that my father has sought to protect his work

from those who might steal his invention,

but if this Board requires it, 

we shall submit detailed drawings of the workings of the watch

when he has received his prize.

Mr Harrison, 

this Board does not accept restrictions placed upon its work,

as prescribed by parliament.

Here are the conditions required for fulfilment of the terms of the Act.

First, your father must, in person, take the watch apart,

and explain the working of every detail

to the satisfaction of such persons as this Board shall appoint.

This shall include any experimental observations they may require.

Secondly, he shall make, or cause to be made under his sole direction,

two further watches of the same design

to demonstrate the practicality of their construction.

And, thirdly, these new watches shall be subjected to such test or tests as this Board shall require

to ascertain their usefulness under the terms of the Act.

Then, and only then, will he receive his prize.

My lord, my father is sick and he is 73 years old.

He has until Thursday to accept the conditions,

which, I must inform you, have been submitted to Parliament,

and will form part of a new amendment to this bill.

Call Mr Christopher Irwin, please.

-Are you all right, old man?
-Yes, thank you.

-What's Maskelyne doing here?
-He's the new Astronomer Royal.

Oh, turd.

-Is this everything, sir?
-Er... yes.

Thank you.

My lords, if I may beg your indulgence.

I'm not yet used to speaking. Let my son speak for me.

-Perhaps your father would like a chair.
-No, thank you.

-No, thank you.
-Let us proceed to the business.

Do you accept the terms of the Board?

My father accepts the need for disclosure of the working of his watch,

but wishes that he might demonstrate the mechanism to such as may understand it,

not to theorists.

That is for us to decide.

They can choose who they like. 

I'll choose who I let in my own house.

I beg pardon, Mr Harrison?

My father is pleased to accept the Board's nominations.

There is one question.

Your Lordship requires that we be prepared to do experimental observations.

My father is not clear what that means.

Well, it... it...

Reverend Maskelyne?

Um... there's nothing sinister about it,

merely that if there is a detail not understood by the committee,

such as how Mr Harrison is accustomed to... um...

What's the word?

.. temper a spring, for example, he should demonstrate his technique to us.

What does he understand about the tempering of a bloody spring?

Would it be possible to set out more explicitly what the Board requires

so that we might be prepared for it?

No, sir! It would not!

It is not your business, sir, to limit the enquiry of this Board

but to satisfy it.

It is not my business, sir, to explain the workings of a lifetime

to a group of dog-collared university book swallowers

who wouldn't know the difference between a balance spring and a bent hat pin!

For 30 years I've stood before this Board

I've never once had the occasion to talk to anyone

who knew anything about what I was actually doing,

any sense of the mechanisms I created,

but I carried on, trusting that if I fulfilled the Act of Queen Anne, 

I'd get my just rewards.

I have fulfilled that Act.

I have made such a mechanism.

Give me my prize and I'll use the money to build a factory,

make a hundred watches, a thousand, each one the same, 

but I will not...

as long as I've got a drop of English blood in my body,

I'll not dance to the tune of a group of ignorant schoolboys.

Mr Harrison...

Mr Harrison!

Father...

Don't give me any more of your fine words and clever explanations.

William, you know about what I've put up with

What do you understand about what I've done?

Could you build a watch, sir? No, you damn well couldn't.

Get away from me! Get away from me!

William...

William...

If you wouldn't mind...?

Mr Harrison, either your father signs an oath agreeing to these terms,

or this matter ends here.

We are prepared to pay half the award, 

less those monies paid out, once we are satisfied with the disclosure,

and the other half 

when the new watches made by your father have proved their worth.

My lord, if you would just change the wording of experimental observations, 

he would sign.

No! No! No! No! No!

How many times do I have to say it to you bloody people?

You do not negotiate with this Board!

I'm 40 years old,

and what family I have is here in this room.

These machines are my brothers and sisters.

Certainly, I know them better than any human.

So do you.

Ever since I were a child,

I've watched how carefully you touched them.

Never angry, always loving.

Nothing I could ever do could make your eyes light up

in the way an infinitesimal sliver of time

could sometimes make you weep with joy.

So I tried to slide myself between them and you,

hoping that some tiny drop of that feeling might fall on me.

As I grew older, I thought...

If I can understand them, perhaps you would begin to understand me,

until they became my life too.

And so, I find myself now,

knowing the touch of a brass wheel better than flesh and blood.

I will do as they wish.

I wanted you to be safe.

I thought I could make us impregnable.

What's going on?

We've been ordered to move all valuable exhibits out to Cambridge.

Why on earth would Hitler bomb a museum in the middle of a park?

-It's just orders.
-Oh, just orders.

I've heard that...

Do you mind if I do that? There's a special case for it.

I made it myself some time ago, but I'm sure I can still find it.

Help yourself. It's a funny-looking thing, isn't it? 

Yes, it is a funny-looking thing.

Do you think I could have a chair?

-Thank you.
-Look, er...

Are you all right?

No, I don't think I am.

How old are you?

18, although I don't know what that's got to do with it.

Nothing. Nothing at all. Don't take any notice of me.

It's just...

Do you have any idea what it's like?

War? Is that what you're worried about?

It'll all be over before it begins.

Germany don't want a war. It's just their way of waking us all up.

Look, can I get you something?

-A cup of tea?
-Yes.

A cup of tea. That'll do the trick.

I suggest they go to different destinations, 

then, if one is destroyed, the others will survive.

-Is that possible?
-I'll do my best.

At the moment, it's all I can do to get everything over to Cambridge.

Oh, we are sending some of the smaller items to 

a science museum vault in Beckenham.

I could try and get one in there.

Yes, Beckenham would be good.

Well, leave it with me and I'll sort something out.

Where are you going with that?

Whoa! Watch where you're going!

Muriel?

Muriel!

-Is that you?
-Rupert?

I've just had...

Rupert? Rupert, is that you?

-Where's he gone?
-Down there.

They're all satisfied.

Now, if we just put the watch together and take it to the committee,

they'll give us half the prize.

What watch?

There is no watch.

Look at it.

You know, the strange thing is I want to build another one.

Taking it apart and putting it together again, I can see improvements.

You have to make a duplicate. Those were the terms.

Terms?

What do they know? There wasn't one of them who understood what I was saying.

Even the watchmakers didn't see everything.

They think in straight lines,

not prepared for the curve,

the line of surprise that takes you to a place you cannot see.

And how are we to know that 

this is the same watch that was used at the disclosure?

If I could make a watch in five days, 

then I'd have the prize money by the end of the week.

Very well. I am pleased to offer you the certificate of this Board.

Congratulations.

You've made something useful.

How long will it take you to make two further watches, as required by the Act?

-The new Act.
-I beg your pardon, sir?

Additional instruments are not required by the Act of Queen Anne.

The Act required that the invention be practical.

We have merely clarified that issue in our recent amendment. 

How long will it take?

Two years, if my watch is returned to me to work on.

I'm afraid that is impossible.

Your watch, as you call it, is, of course, our watch.

And this Board intends, under the direction of the Astronomer Royal,

to conduct a series of tests, at the observatory in Greenwich,

at the conclusion of which, Mr Larkin Kendall will make a copy of the watch

and, I think you will agree, his need is the greater.

It will take a further year if I'm forced to work without it.

So be it, Mr Harrison. So be it.

Thank you.

Mr Harrison...

I have instructed the Astronomer Royal to collect the rest of the timepieces.

Why?

Because they are the property of this Board.

He has brought an open cart with no suspension.

He means to destroy them on the journey to Greenwich.

-Good morning. I have come...
-I know why you're here.

-Mr Harrison.
-Reverend Maskelyne.

The machines are ready for collection.

I will need a certificate from you that they're in good order.

I'm not sure I'm a good judge of that, sir. 

For once, I agree with you.

I can state that they appear to be in good order.

I can state as a fact they're in perfect order.  

That will not be necessary.

I will need it to be understood that when they left my property,

that was the case, 

and that you are entirely responsible for their safety from this moment on.

I accept that responsibility. 

What is their normal method of transport?

-Boat.
-Do not bandy words with me, sir.

I am serious. They should go to Greenwich by barge,

not some old cart like a butcher would carry a bag of bones in.

I merely wish to know whether it is the custom 

to take them to pieces before moving them.

-No.
-But they must...

Enough, enough! He has the authority of the Board. Let him exercise it.

This is quite childish. 

I know perfectly well how to achieve this.

This is the case. We will need a... a blacksmith to help us take it apart.

One, two, three...

Your father has been cruelly used,

but while I'm out of the admiralty, there is little I can do.

But there must be some other way.

He cannot finish two further watches. It would kill him.

Do you have any skill at cards, Mr Harrison?

-No, my lord.
-No.

Neither do these ladies, it would appear.

Perhaps they flatter me.

Well, parliament has already been the instrument of much mischief.

There is, therefore, only one court of appeal I could recommend.

-And that is?
-The Crown.

-Could I have a look at that?
-A look at what?

-Your watch.
-Sit up.

Down you go.

They took mine away.

Here you are.

Mind you look after it, or you'll get me into trouble.

Thank you.

It will be quite informal. Just bow, and address him as Your Majesty.

I will divert the Queen, 

whose taste is more inclined to scandal than to science.

Oh. It's the enemy! It's the enemy!

I see we are to meet the entire family.

His Majesty is a most conscientious father.

Shh... Quiet, everyone.

.. with that one. Go on, pass it on.

-Yes, sir.
-It's "Aye aye, sir"!

Fire!

Hold your fire, gentlemen. Hold your fire.

My dears, we are saved. Lord Sandwich knows about the running of the ship.

He will come to our rescue.

Your Majesty, may I present Mr John Harrison?

Mr Harrison. I am very pleased to make your acquaintance.

Please, excuse our exuberance.

Mr William Harrison.

-Have you sailed on a frigate, sir?
-I have, Your Majesty.

-And where, pray, were the mortars situated?
-On the fo'c's'le deck.

Ah-ha! Georgie, you are in the right, sir, and I am in the wrong.

Mr Harrison will show you the positioning of your mortars.

You may need some more ammunition.

My dear, you mustn't get the children so excited. They'll never sleep.

Mr Harrison, I think I have something here that might interest you.

Please excuse my husband.

Come and look at our battleships, Mama.

May I come aboard?

This was presented to me by Mr Priestly,

a most wonderful creation for the production of electricity.

And what is its use?  

I haven't the foggiest, but dashed pretty, what?

Mr Harrison, I have been informed at length about your trials,

and I must tell you that we are very disturbed by the news.

The safety of our ships is our dearest concern,

and we are most grateful for your endeavours on their behalf.

Thank you, Your Majesty.

-Have you started work on the new watch?
-I have, sir.

When it is finished, will you do something for me? Let me see it.

I would be most interested.

Oh, have you seen this? I wore it today, especially for you.

-Mr Arnold made it for me. -Papa! Come and see our mortars!

-We've blown up Lord Sandwich. -I hope not!

The admiralty may want him back.

So, do I get my watch back, then?

I'm not sure I can do without it yet.

Have you had a walk today?

I'm getting you up. Do you have a name?

Rupert.

-Do you?
-Grace.

But it's Nurse Ingrams to you.

What do you think?

It's good.

Fit for a king?

Rupert?

Rupert...

It's all right. I'm here.

Rupert, there's nothing to be alarmed about.

It's only a drill.

Feel the time.

I can feel your heart.

That's better.

Finish the story you were telling me yesterday,

about him taking the watch to the King.

Did he?

Yes, he did.

The King decided to do his own experiment,

an experiment that lasted... months.

Did it work?

No, not at the beginning.

At the beginning, it was a disaster.

It is a most perplexing matter.

Dr Demainbray, my astronomer and dear friend, 

came to me this morning with the news.

Well, I can tell you, sir, that I did not believe it. 

I came here to see for myself, and he was right.

Absolutely and utterly correct, I don't know what to make of it.

-I don't understand. What was wrong?
-Wrong? What?

-Was it slow? Did it stop?
-I would that it had, sir.

No, the problem is more serious than that.

Your watch, sir, your watch, sir, is going backwards.

I noticed it this morning, sir, and I immediately informed His Majesty.

The er... The position, I believe, is correct.

The position is fine.

I have no explanation for this.

-Wait.
-What?

-The compass needles. What do you think?
-The needles?

When we were magnetising the needles, what did we do with the...?

-Whatever do you call it?
-The lodestones.

-Where's the key? The key...
-Quick, man, quick! Check your waistcoat.

Ah...

Lodestones.

-You think the magnets affected the clock?
-I am sure of it, sir.

Take these out and throw them in the garden.

Immediately.

There.

Now we must start all over again.

-Your Majesty is very kind.
-Piffle, sir.

I'm a scientist.

That's it.

That's right, watch the ball.

55, 56, 57...

58, 59...

11 o'clock.

Well, let me see, Mr Harrison.

I think we are on target, gentlemen.

Good. You're getting the hang of it now.

Sneaky!

January and February,

March and April...

June and July.

-They're going to kick you out soon.
-They can't.

I'm feeling particularly mad at the moment.

I don't think they cure that kind of madness here.

-What will you do?
-I don't know.

Pitch a tent outside the gates, I suppose.

Do you have any objections to a life under canvas?

Not more than a couple of thousand.

Seriously, though...

Seriously, though,

I've no idea.

It's just...

You could move in with me.

What, in the nurses' quarters?  Wouldn't Sister object?

Or do you imagine I'll wear some sort of disguise?

Don't be silly. It doesn't suit you.

No, I'm... thinking about going home,

before they throw me out too.

My mother needs some help,  and I feel I ought to be with her.

It's not ideal, I know, but...

You could come too. If you wanted.

It sounds pretty ideal to me.

They've had hundreds of proofs. 

Why should one more change their minds?

They must listen to the King,

and there is one thing in our favour.

Lord Morton is deceased.

I moved to enter the results of the recent trial at the King's observatory in Richmond,

which show that in a trial of 70 days,

greater than the time of the West Indies voyage stipulated in the Act of Queen Anne,

the watch lost less than a tenth of a second a day,

which would be consistent with finding a longitude in those West Indies

to a distance of less than one mile, and, therefore, wholly within the Act.

Sir, this Board...

This Board cannot accept an unsupervised trial,

no matter how eminent the participants may have been.

This Board is charged by a most solemn act of parliament,

as these members are here to witness,

and must satisfy its observations, and not those of any other party.

The royal trial was carried out under the strictest conditions,

with three separate key holders,

His Majesty graciously consenting to be one of them.

The regulating clock was the subject of nine observations of the sun

to keep a check on its accuracy,

something the Astronomer Royal never attempted once during his own trial.

Sit down, Mr Harrison!

I would like to call upon Captain John Campbell,

who has a report recently arrived from Jamaica,

concerning the exploratory voyage of His Majesty's ship Resolution

under the command of Captain James Cook.

Captain.

Gentlemen, Captain Cook is carrying a copy of Mr Harrison's timekeeper,

made by Mr Kendall, 

and the astronomical tables of the Reverend Maskelyne.

His full report will not be available until his return,

but I am able to read you this extract from his log.

"It would not be doing justice to Mr Harrison and Mr Kendall

if I did not own that we have received very great assistance

from this useful and valuable timepiece.

The watch was used to predict the landfall of St Helena within three miles. "

This is not evidence but anecdote!

This Board, under the direction of the late Lord Morton,

made its conditions perfectly clear.

When Mr Harrison has completed his second copy,

both watches will be subjected to a trial of several months,

on land and at sea, with the utmost rigour.

No other test will suffice.

If you will excuse me, I have an important matter I must attend to.

Mr Harrison, if your business is finished here, 

perhaps you would care to accompany me.

With the Board's permission.

I want to thank the Board for giving me the opportunity

to make a second copy of my watch.

It is not often that the father is permitted to revisit the childhood of a much-loved child,

as I have been allowed to,

and on that journey,

find a new respect and love for that child.

I...

If I can beg your indulgence, my lordships,

I am an old man,

and I've never been accounted a speaker of merit.

I may not be spared to complete another watch, but I've begun one.

It will not, gentlemen, be a copy, because I am mindful of the Act of Queen Anne,

to which I've clung for over 50 years,

like a... like a shipwrecked sailor to a barrel.

To be practical.

In all my life, that's been my gospel and my creed.

I have an idea that 

the heat compensation must be within the balance of the watch,

and not around it,

and, this morning, I made this.

I tried the idea in my first sea clock

over 40 years ago.

I failed. I didn't understand it.

So much I didn't understand.

A compensating balance wheel will simplify the adjustment of the machine

so others may make my watches more easily,

should God grant me the time to complete my labours.

Thank God you're here. Hurry, please. The producer's having kittens.

But I thought the programme started at eight?

This is television, Commander. We have rehearsals.

I'll have to take you straight to make-up.

Oh, really, is all this absolutely necessary?

.. having constructed a timekeeper, from which discovery we have...

John Harrison never received his award from the Board of Longitude.

It came to him by special act of parliament when he was 80 years old.

.. to pay or cause to be paid to the said John Harrison,

that sum long promised to him by this house as a reward!

Hear! Hear!

He had the furthur two years left to him to enjoy his wealth

After his death in 1776,

William married, but never made another watch.

After the War, Rupert Gould became a regular member of The Brains Trust,

a popular panel show, and appeared several times on television.

What makes a man great?

A man may be great in his aims or in his achievements or in both,

but I think that man is truly great, who makes the world his debtor,

who does something for the world which the world needs,

and which nobody before him has done or known how to do.

John Harrison was such a man.

In 1946, Gould was finally made a curator of the National Maritime Museum,

and a year later,

he was awarded the gold medal of the British Horological Institute.

He died in 1948.

And even today, there is not a seaman alive anywhere

whose track is not made straighter, safer and more prosperous

by the possession of a timekeeper.

Gould's notebooks are displayed today at the Royal Observatory.

Next to them stand John Harrison's four marine timepieces,

which, together represent one man's struggle against all odds

to use the fourth dimension, time,

to connect positions on our three-dimensional globe.

Thanks to Harrison's work, and others,

Greenwich is recognised all over the world as the prime meridian,

the longitude zero, by which all time and space is measured,

from one millennium to the next.

