<i><b><font color="blue" size=50>...:::: SiliconChip ::::...</font></b></i>

<b><font color="yellow" size=40>300 - Rise Of An Empire [2014]</font></b>

The Oracle's words stand as a warning

a prophecy

Sparta will fall

all of Greece will fall

and Persian fire will reduce Athens to cinder

for Athens is a pile of stone

and wood and cloth and dust

and as dust will vanish into the wind

only the Athenians themselves exist

and the fate of the world hangs on their every syllable

only the Athenians exist

and only stout wooden ships can save them

wooden ships

and a tidal wave of heroes' blood

Leonidas, my husband

Leonidas, your king

Leonidas and the brave 300 are dead

The free men and women of Greece are

not bound by a beautiful Spartan death

war is not their love

yet he laid down his life for them

for the promise Greece holds

It is our enemies who forged our freedom
in the fires of war

It was king Darius who came to take our land

10 years ago when you still burned in our eyes

before this bitter war forced our children to become men

10 years ago this war began

as all wars begin, with a grievance

Marathon

the Persian king Darius annoyed by the notion of Greek freedom

has come to Greece to bring us to heel

he makes land full at the field of Marathon with an

invading force which outnumbers Greek defenders 3 to 1

so it dawned the hopeless Athenians do the unthinkable

they attacked

they attacked the weary Persians as they disembarked their ships on shakey legs after a month at sea

they attacked before they can establish their war camp and supply their soldiers

and who is the architect of this mad strategy?

a little known Athenian soldier

his men called him Themistocles

he gives the Persians a taste of Athenian shock combat

All thoughts of glory are gone

1000s dead, 100s of them their own

all for an idea, a free Greece

an Athenian experiment called democracy

could this idea be worth it?

worth all this sacrifice?

Themistocles would let the good king Darius decide

for through the chaos a moment appeared

and Themistocles would seize it

a moment that would ring across the centuries

a moment that would raise him from simple soldier
to the height of Athenian political power

a moment that would make Themistocles a legend

yet even as the prays and glory were heaped upon him

Themistocles knew in his heart he'd made a mistake

it was Darius' son Xerxes, his eyes had the sting of destiny about them

Themistocles knew he should have killed that boy

that glorious mistake would forever haunt him

so it was Themistocles himself who sent a ripple across Persian empire

and set into motion forces that would bring fire to the heart of Greece

for as the good king laid eye, all his greatest generals and advisors were summoned to his bedside

none greater than his finest naval commander, Artemisia

her ferocity only bested by her beauty

her beauty only matched by her devotion to her king

Darius favored Artemisia among his generals for she had brought him victory in the battlefield

in her he had the perfect warrior protege that his son Xerxes would never be

so sweet, my child

my sweet child

father

Xerxes, do not repeat your father's mistake

leave the noble Greeks to the ways

only the Gods can defeat them

for 7 days Xerxes mourned, paralyzed by grief

on the 8th day, Artemisia whispered the seed of madness that would consume him

your father's words were not a warning

but a challenge

only the Gods can defeat the Greeks?

you will be the God King

Artemisia gathered the priests, wizards and mystiques from every corner of the empire

they wrapped the young king in Sumerian .. dipped in ancient potions

and set him to wander the dessert

to in a delirium of heat and thirst, he stumbled upon a hermit's cave

Xerxes passed the vacant eyes and empty souls of the hollow creatures

that dwell in the dark corners of all men's

and in that darkness he surrendered himself completely

to power so evil and perverse

but as he emerged no part of a human man that was Xerxes survived

his eyes blazed like scarlet coals

he was stripped, cleansed, glabrous and smooth

Xerxes was reborn a God

Artemisia trusted noone

so in the cover of night, the palace was cleansed of all Xerxes' allies

all those he trusted

all those who'd raised him

all those he'd once looked to for counsel

were quickly introduced to her wrath

and as the God King stood before his people

Artemisia watched her flawless manipulation take shape

for glory's sake

for vengeance's sake

War!

War is coming to Greece

in the visage of monster army over a milion strong

It should be a little more than a formality for Themistocles

the hero of Marathon to finish what he began

Please, we must appeal to Xerxes' reason

coward! Athens is a city of cowards

-shut your cockhole  -shut your own

-I kill you  -fuck the Spartans

Silence!

This is a democracy, not a street fight

a Persian attack will come from both the north and the south

the city states should negotiate a truce

yes yes we must negotiate

negotiate with tyranny?

give me one example of when that has ever profited a nation

my fellow countrymen

we can only judge the future from what we've suffered in the past

now many of you here stood with me at Marathon

and for those of you who served and faced the cut and thrust of battle

you know how true peace is forged

do not be deceived

Xerxes, the son of Darius, is a wolf at our door

right here right now we must choose

do we stand and fight for Greece or not?

Argos, Corinth, Megara, Athens

not even Sparta can match the Persians alone

we must persevere as one nation

or we will perish clean onto our self interests

send us the ships that we need to defend Greece

Themistocles will need more than our city's ships

he will need our children to join the fight

and what of Sparta?

you send every ship that we have to the northern coast of Ubea

I will go and seek the help of the great Spartans

Still no word from the messenger you sent to Sparta

King Leonidas may have been insulted by your generous offer

perhaps I need to march into the Sparta myself and burn it to the ground

remember, when a king is loved as I am, much can be accomplished

it would be false to resist my divine power

Athens is attempting to assemble a coalition

it will be nothing more than a patchwork of ships

was these waters have been diverse so I only lead my forces across the land?

I will remind the cowards of Greece that we have not forgotten that insolence

rest and water the horses

it's best that I go alone

Spartans don't get along well with others

Themistocles, you old snake

what brings you this far side

I've come to see Leonidas to warn him of the Persians on the march

well you're too late

the Persian messenger already presented his terms to Leonidas

symbolic offering of earth and water

Spartans! know this, and know it well

that any Spartan's finest moment

the greatest fulfillment of all he holds dear

is that moment

when he has poured his heart out for the preservation of Sparta

and lies dead on the battlefield victorious

now, who is willing to die at our king's side?

Themistocles,

you've come a long way to stroke your cock watching real men train

Queen Gorgo, shouldn't you be training them to live at their king's side?

a new age is dawning, Gorgo

won't be long before men rise up and shed the yolk of mysticism in tyranny

that sounds like a threat

no, an opportunity to join the rest of free Greece in stand against the true tyrant

unless of course you and Leonidas have already made a deal with Xerxes

no terms were reached

Xerxes' messenger was rude, and lacked respect

he didn't understand the same threats made in Thebes and Athens would not work here

this is the birthplace of world's greatest warriors

men whose king would stand and fight and die for any one of them

Xerxes' messenger did not understand this is no typical Greek city state

this is Sparta

so it was clear to the messenger there would be no Spartan submission

it was clear

even now Leonidas is in counsel with the oracle over his battle plan

the festival of the Carnea is all that stands in our way

surely the oracle will see we must fight

well then the timing is perfect

I'm commanding a fleet of ships that will represent a united Greece

I need Sparta to join me

give me your ships, Gorgo

I'll make sure Xerxes wishes he never crossed the Aegean

you will receive no Spartan ships, we're not interested in united Greece

that is your dream, Themistocles, not ours

all I'm concerned with is the preservation of Sparta

my guards will see you out

it's funny that you mock freedom here in your selfish isolation

which freedom in her wisdom has chosen you to defend her?

my queen

did Sparta join our fight?

apparently the Persians have offered the Spartans something they cannot refuse

what is that?

a beautiful death

they say you're the bravest of our captives

they say you're a whore from the eastern seas

you're not the smartest

your commander is a Greek, just like me

you Persian men take your orders from a Greek woman

yes my brother I am Greek by birth

and I have Greek blood running through my veins

but my heart is Persian

within hours, Greek fleet will be shattered

what of our master and the much feared Spartans?

it's nothing to fear. only king Leonidas and his personal guard of 300

they'll collapse instantly

you?

do you agree?

many will perish

your confidence leaves me with a strong impression

it's a curious thing for a simple ship guard to look lower his eyes when questioned by me

it could have been just a lack of discipline

a man's hands do not lie

they can reveal every imperfection and flaw in his character

you see, your hands are not rough enough to work the rigging of this ship

I know every single man beneath my lash

can you explain to me how I don't know you?

forgive me commander

let me introduce myself

seize the spy

coward

the storm is upon us

it's just some mad Greek weather

Themistocles?

come

Calisto

what's spoken here must not be repeated

anywhere

my son has not earned the right to sit at the table of combat veterans

but you can trust him

very well. tell me.

a Greek woman commands all of Xerxes' ships to the south

Artemisia

I know of her

Artemisia is murderous by trade with true skill on the sea and she has thirst for vengeance

her entire family was murdered by a squad of Greek hoplites

I have heard all the stories

and the hoplites spared noone on that day

the story goes they raped and murdered her entire family

then they turned their attention towards her

after years of being kept in the bowels of Greek slave ship

she was discarded and left for dead

where she was found near death by a Persian emissary

Artemisia vowed that day to return to Greece

only when she could watch it burn

she was fed, clothed and trained by the finest warriors of the Persian empire

until no match could be found for her skills and gift with the sword

the great king Darius was impressed by her commitment

and she quickly rose to command at his side

she has sold her soul to death himself

well some could say I've sold mine to Greece

what do you think?

-me?  -yes

you are the future of this country

I'm ready to fight

I like him, reminds me of you

we will need every last man

he's still just a boy

much younger have defended our country, father

enough

you are a dreamer and we'll speak of this no more

Themistocles, I set your plan in motion and my land force will be assembled by in the second day

you will be needed, I can assure you of that

there's bad news

Leonidas has marched north to the hot gates

bad news? Spartans at the hot gates, our victory is assured

if the army were with him

now between the oracle and the Carnea, Leonidas has marched to Thermopylae with just 300 men

so the only thing standing between Athens and total annihilation is Leonidas and 300 Spartans

I'll go search the veterans among them, establish an order among the volunteers

good. little time to teach these farmers strategy.

just keep them well fed, and sober.

anything else?

wouldn't hurt if they could swing a sword

I'll be damned

your father know you're here?

no sir

and this shield and sword?

my grandfather's.

my mother entrusted them to me this morning

and she gave you her blessing?

yes sir

but a sharp blade, no less

your father is preparing the surprise raid tomorrow

I choose to fight here, now

come aboard my ship. that is where you will fight.

we're just over 50 ships

Persian forces reported in number of thousands

those ships appear hardly seaworthy

they're nothing like the monstrous ships of the Persian fleet

then we have the advantage

speed and manuverability

rest of the city states to send anyone from a handful to a single ship

of course Athens supply the balance

we have report that a small advance force of Persian ships are taking refuge from storm just across the strait

so weather breaks we could hit them at dawn

an early Greek victory

Gods have given us an opportunity to wound the Persians and strengthen Greek morale

a tempting distraction

we'll stick to the battle plan

today at sun down we will sail out to meet the main Persian fleet

we'll attack them in the open water with no short an arrow in the battle

to attack a force of over 1000 ships with our meager force is suicide

such is my plan

look at their excuse for a navy

their ships are little threat

I need a second in command, Arthapernes

and whoever proves their excellence will earn a place beside me

general Bandari has offered to lead the first attack

commander

I'll let you lead our first offensive

what guarantee do I have that you'll bring me a quick victory?

my word, and my life

good

my rules of engagement

humiliate the Greeks, and lay waste to their tiny ships

they'll be dead to last man

my brothers, steady your heart

look deep into your souls

for your metal is to be tested this day

deep in the heat of battle, you need a reason to fight on

an idea which you will give up all that you will ever have

you need only to look at man who fights at your side

this is the why of battle

this is the brotherhood of men at arms

an unbreakable bond made stronger by the crucible of combat

you'll never be closer than with those who you shed your blood with

for there's no nobler cause than to fight for those who'll lay down their life for you

so you fight strong today

you fight for your brothers

you fight for your families

most of all, you fight for Greece

there's only one thing to make sure of when the fighting starts

what's that?

don't get killed on the first day

that goes for the rest of you

Persian ships are strong at the front, but they're weak in the middle

we attack them there

now

attack

go through them

the enemy's tactics are creative

the defensive circle leaves no front to assault

we're losing

no you are losing

pull back. let them have this day.

I'm bored with your failures, Bandari

I'll not let this wound slow me

somehow I believe you

my blade will be sharp and ready by the morning

good, tomorrow you'll fight alongside your father

not bad for a bunch of farmers

and poets, and sculptors

who would have known a group of untrained men would do so well against such a considerable adversary

we're going to need all of our strength for tomorrow's fight

how long do you think we could hold them?

if my plan is to work,

long enough for the Spartans to unite Greece

Men! who will share their wine with me?

report

we're still tallying the losses

but you must understand

it's extremely difficult given the sea and the darkness

report

75 ships lost, 30 damaged beyond repair, 20 could return with a few weeks' work in a safe harbor

the commander of the Greek force is named Themistocles?

yes he's an Athenian general

he's rumored to have loose the arrow that fell the great king Darius himself

this Themistocles has shown himself to be quite brilliant in battle

which is more than I can say for any of you

do you gentlemen find my command unreasonable?

is it too much to ask for victory?

your disappointment in yesterday's losses is warranted

my disappointment

my disappointment is not with my losses, a meager number of damaged ships and dead slaves mean nothing to me, no

my disappointment is in these men

although I stand among 10000 I am alone

I long for a soul who would stand by my side, I could trust

tell me general Kashani, are you that man?

you will taste your victory by the day's end

I will make certain of it

I hope so

advance

now

got any sights of them?

the Greeks are retreating

he's got him right where he wants him

Kashani is a fine tactician

I was speaking of Themistocles

rocks

stop

brace yourselves

what are you doing here?

a commander's responsibility is to protect his family and his nation

who told you this?

my father

you see how Themistocles employs deception with such grace?

why is it so much to ask for victory?

-how can I make amendments?   -silence

you will carry a message for me

now they will fear us, now they will fear the Greek men at arms

he's right. fear the Greek fighting men.

fear his sword, his shield

fear his love for mother Greece

most of all, fear his freedom

don't be angry with the boy

I took him under my command

anger is something I reserve for my enemies

Themistocles

Artemisia's ship is being anchored in neutral waters

she'd like to meet with Themistocles

how can you guarantee his safe return

 well boy, the only honor for her now

will be when she watches your crushed and broken fleet sinking to the bottom of the Aegean

and is able to recognize you nailed to the mast of your ship with her sword

as you descend to a watery grave

why didn't you just say that to begin with?

welcome to my humble barge

we are honored by your presence

your barge and you are quite impressive

kind words.

now come Themistocles, we have much to discuss

do you believe the Greeks are descended from the Gods?

I've heard some say that

what of you?

is there a God in your lineage?

my men says so based on past 2 days' battle

I say this is spoke of the divine in you

now who is using kind words

my men also say that it was you who slayed good king Darius at Marathon

many heroic deeds occured on that say

it was 10 years ago

the facts of the battle are often embellished

this deed you would remember

I do what I must, to defend Greece

and I do what I must to defeat her

for every one Greek killed, you must kill 1000 Persians

for every ship I sink, you must sink 100

staying to losses for weeks, months, if need be

my numbers will defeat you

and I will take your precious boats with my sword

I will take your Greek freedom

you're asking me to negotiate a surrender

no, I offer you a chance to avoid such misery and join me

I'm in need of a commander such as you

look at the defense you've mounted

a handful of ... Leonidas with 300 Spartans

it's insulting frankly the mightiest empire the world has ever seen is made by this

I don't blame you Themistocles,

you fought as if the blood of Poseidon himself was through your veins

no I blame Greece

the squabbling bureaucrats protecting their political hinds by sending you here, to die

and yet you still fight

so there must be, what?

a family back home in Athens, then, compels you to

battle with such passion

truth is I've had no time for family

I've spent my entire adult life with my one true love

the Greek fleet

and my one passion, readying it for you

now that brings me pleasure the thought of you pining away for me

forsaking family and love for the promise of a deeper ecstasy

the ecstasy of steel and flesh

death and life

of rage and sweated muscle

of pure joy and deepest sorrow

die with me each night and reborn again with me each morning

as you plant your sword into the hearts of our enemies

you fight for freedom

I offer freedom without consequence or responsibility

join me

at my side breathe each breath with me as if it were your last

join me

no

you're no God, you're just a man.

be quick with your sword

you'll not have your death tonight. guards!

remove this filth from my ship

well? what have you learned?

can Artemisia be beaten?

the next time we face her, she's gonna bring all of her wrath with her

send in my personal guard

pull back

retreat

Themistocles, in the water

archers! on deck now!

step aside. fire at will

fight on boy, fight on

aim for the man on board

up there

abandon ship

the dead have no guilt

no responsibility

Themistocles watches the bodies of his men turn the Aegean red with blood

were they sacrified for his ego?

or to relieve the guilt of the long ago mistake Marathon

how many men would have been saved if Themistocles had killed that boy

not even his own soul can be sure

my friend, we faced the odds

together

listen to me, Themistocles,

you'll have to fight with twice as much strength in the morning

we'll fight shoulder to shoulder

no my son. you carry on for both of us.

what did he say?

I will tell you in time boy

quiet now

Go on be with your father's spirit

how many times you think we will repeat such a tragedy?

as many times as we must

we're turning young men into memories

do you think I enjoy this?

witnessing my friend's fine over it?

every widow that is made by my decision

every child who will grow without a father

they are my choices

this is the burden of my command

how easy it is to silence the strong self-disciplined

let my army witness the great warriors of Sparta

march them past these corpses

let them see the cost of daring to challenge the God king

king Leonidas and his brave 300 were the finest the Greece has to offer

there will be no saviours to rise up and vanquish us

nothing will stop the march of my empire

your majesty

you! take this dead king sword to Athens

let them know I'm coming next for them

let them know Athens, the prize jewel of a city, will disappear from the history

Themosticles, I bring word from Thermopylae

Leonidas was betrayed by a hunchback

the Spartans had been slaughtered

the hot gates are fallen

such a sacrifice

now Greece has a martyr

Daxos, take that message from the hot gates

to every city, to every village, to every countrymen, hear your words

but they're dead, all of them

Sparta's sacrifice will be what unites us

now go

move all of our ships and men back to the safety of Salamis

and you?

I'll take Daxos' message to Athens

I was told a hunchback was accountable for the fall of the hot gates

that he sold out his country

pulled the crimson from his back

and replaced it with Persian gold

what is your name, traitor?

Ephialtes of

I shan't wet this noble blade with your blood

you will be right to do so

there's little beauty about me

there's little beauty in what I have done

say what you must

I beg of you, and all of Athens

the God king will burn this city to the ground

quiet yourselves

Leonidas' and Sparta's great sacrifice was no defeat

it was a beautiful victory

this simple act of valor will allow us to rally each of our city states

and unite Greece for one purpose

against one enemy

and you will take this message to your God king

we will take whatever ships we have left

and finish this in the bay of Salamis

but there will be death and destruction

yes, there will be

Themistocles

I'm here to speak to your queen

a warning Athenian, you may not receive a warm welcome

may I offer my deepest sympathies

I cannot change what has happened to Leonidas

but his sacrifice will not be forgotten

do not lecture me on sacrifice, and be quick with your words Athenian

 I request of you the entire Spartan navy

every man every ship that you can spare

have I not given enough for your dream of a united Greece?

shall I put swords in the hands of my son, our children, would that please you?

have I not given enough for your ambitions Themistocles?

a king, husbands, fathers, brothers, Sparta will give no more

this belongs with you

avenge him

the oracle's words stood as a warning

all of Greece will fall

as Persian fire reduces Athens to cinder

for Athens is a pile of stone and wood and cloth and dust

and as dust will vanish into the wind

only the Athenians themselves exist

and the fate of the world hangs on their every syllable

only the Athenians exist

and only stout wooden ships can save them

wooden ships

and a tidal wave of heroes' blood

the Greeks were fools to stand against us

Leonidas and his pride were no match for the will of a God

Themistocles was a worthless coward

now there's pathetic navy

has badly wrought to our attention

if that worthless coward had stood at my side we would've laid world at your feet

my king, your humble servant

the Greek fleet are defenseless within the bay of Salamis

you need only finish them

who commands their forces

Themistocles, of Athens

Themistocles is dead

he is alive, I have seen him myself

ready my troops and armor

we will attack at once

wisdom

would have sent a proper force to confirm it is not a trap

who would dare to advise me in matters of war?

I am the God king.

I am the one who triumphed over Leonidas

I am the one who laid waste to this show piece of Athens

I am your king

Killing Leonidas and his men only made them martyrs.

And when you raised Athens, you set fire to the only thing of value in this country

we will attack the Greeks with my entire navy

Artemisia

enough

do not forget who put the crown on your childish head

my king

now sit on your golden throne and watch this battle from the safety I provide you

they're in the distant

we witness destruction of Athens

alone we will face the monster that cast a shadow across our land

I had prayed that the Spartans would come to lend a hand this morning

perhaps they feel they've given enough

you failed us all, this is your fault Themistocles

without Spartans we're just farm hands

we should have negotiated with the Persians when we had the chance

you're all right

yes, we're down to a handful of boats

yes, we're just farm hands

we're tradesmen

we're boys turned to men through the sacrifice and forge of combat

I played a dangerous game

and I lost

if you choose to turn your back on me, on your country

I will not judge you

you're free to leave, you're still free men

very well

let us put our shoulders to work and free those ships from the bosom of Greece

there's a privilege to call our own

a story that will be told for 1000 years

let our final stand be recorded to the histories

let it be shown

that we chose to die on our feet rather than live on our knees

there's only one thing you need to know today

not to get killed

no, your father's last words

he told me you'd earned the right to sit at the table

my brother, I have no more tactics or tricks

this will be the last battle that we share

we fought next to one another for as long as I can remember

nothing will please me more than to rest this soul

the preparations that I required?

they're low deck

good

are you sure that you want to commit everything?

yes

without Artemisia's command the Persian navy is nothing

we will never be able to reach her

I will reach her

and put an end to this

there will be no room for a retreat

I know

today the last Greek ships will be destroyed

show them no mercy, give them no quarter

today we will dance across the backs of dead Greeks

today we deliver submission

today I want to feel Themosticles' throat beneath my boots

men! brace yourselves

prepare for close quarters. attack!

your father watches you

hold nothing back

seize your glory

I'm not here as a witness

now, or let them send us all straight to hell

you offered freedom without consequence or responsibility

are you accepting my offer?

my answer is still no

you fight much harder than you fuck

surrender to me

or meet your death

who would you fight if not for me?

noone could challenge your skill

I'd rather die a free man than as a slave

even if the chain was attached to you

it begins as a whisper

a promise

a lightest of breezes dances through the rigging as it creeks above the death cries of 10000 men

it moves through her hair as gently as a lover's hand

that breeze, that promise became wind

a wind that's blown across Greece carrying a message told again and again of our lady freedom

and how wise she was to charge Leonidas to lay all at her feet

a wind, my brothers, of sacrifice

a wind of freedom

a wind of justice

a wind of vengeance

you're being surrounded

all of Greece has united against you

Delphi, Thebes, Olympia, Arcadia and Sparta.

if death comes for me today I'm ready

I could lower my sword

There is still time for you to ready a launch and escape.

It would be a poor choice to force my hand into action

now order your ships to disengage and surrender to me

surrender?