
Hello there!

All righty, good girl.

How's it goin'?

You gonna let me in?

I'm coming in... coming in...

You are really frisky today!

Come on.

Some fresh hay.

Hi, my name's Katrina Whitman,

and I am last year's winner of the penskeegee compe - shit!

Popularity contest.

Hi. my name's Katrina Whitman,

and I am last year's winner

of the penskeegee singing...

Popularity singing contest.

Hi. my name's Katrina Whitman,

and I am last year's winner of the penskeegee singing...

Popularity... - ahhh!

[Upbeat music]

She's ready for her close-up!

So uh...

My name's charlene and this is my horse, Beth.

She's my best friend...

Or as I like to say my beth'd friend.

And when I told her I was tryin' out for the competition

she just looked at me with this look of

complete faith and confidence.

And she told me that I could do it.

So i'm gonna do it.

♪ Beth is my Beth'd friend.

♪ She loves to hear me sing.

♪ She loves to loves to loves to hear me sing. ♪

♪ Beth loves to eat hay

♪ I don't like hay but we both like carrots. ♪

That's Jasper.

We're not close.

I don't have anything more to say about that.

Come on, Beth. Come here, Beth. Come here, no, no, come here.

Come here. Look at this mommy's got a peppermint.

Look at this. Yes. That's right, come here.

Okay, i'm ready now.

Sometimes well, more often than not,

smoking a little bit of pot makes art

it just makes the juices start flowing.

Not like in a hippy way, whenever I smoke it

it seems to adapt the dark

"ness" of my work.

Like the paranoia helps me create better art.

Oh, he did juggling without even using a ball.

One time he reenacted Zorro without a sword,

and his hand was like... He got a standing ovation.

He sang, he did all the old standards.

Just, you know, kind of crooning.

He's just incredible. Oh here's Danny.

Danny right here is at his prom.

With charlene. Remember charlene?

Uh huh. - I think she's a cowboy now.

Anyway, Danny is just the love of my life well, our life.

And he's off now. He's off...

I think he moved to Ohio well, i know that I just try to ignore it.

Anyway, and he's doing musical theater.

My son our son got all his talent from me.

But I believe i serve my audience

and take them to places they might be afraid to go to

or they might not know that they ever really wanted to go to.

But once they're there, I think I've done my job.

I've always thought that taking my art to New York

would be the best bet.

And it's been a long time coming but I think i'm almost there.

The first prize winner. - The grand prize winner.

The grand prize winner... Gets...

Not only takes home $1,000-- - not only takes home $1,000...

But gets a full supply of fried chicken. - I didn't get that last year.

And most importantly, becomes penskeegee's most popular person!

In the last year, i have had the honor

of taking multiple photographs with adopted animals.

Stay. stay. Stay!

Oh my god!

Okay, all right, okay.

Oh god, oh no shit!

I performed at many private charity events.

Give me a spanking, sugar!

And now shooting this commercial!

Oooh!

Oh yeah!

Create one of your own songs or sing one of your favorites.

Sing alone, or sing with your friends and family.

No matter what, there's no wrong way to be pop-u-lar!

Sign up now at

www.pop-u-larity.com.

This year's sponsor is chicken boy.

It isn't chicken if it isn't chicken boy.

Fabulous, darling! - Oh!

Wonderful, you nailed it! - I nailed it!

Thank you, that felt good.

[Eerie new age music]

Can you teach me?

Singing lessons?

Many people are curious about what I do for a living.

I'm actually a healer.

Much like Jesus.

And I heal artists.

So first thing's first.

Before you can sing, we need to do some musical therapy.

No, I don't do therapy.

We don't have to call it therapy.

We can call it betterment, or improvement, or opening.

For example, one day i had a bad headache.

So I just couldn't think straight.

And when I can't think, i can't sing for sure.

So I knew I had to put something up there on the crown.

Now but let's say his problem might be somewhere else.

I might put it up here and nothing, you know.

Just no response, no change of anything.

So that kind of leads me to believe

that it's time to explore another chakra.

Perhaps the actual singing mechanism is creating a problem.

I'm gonna go. - Don't go.

I'll give you singing lessons.

What's this? - This is going to clear out

all the bad energy around you so you can sing.

Ready? okay.

La la la la la la la la la. Repeat after me.

La la la la la la la la la.

Try it again.

La la la la la la la la la.

Okay, we'll slow down and we'll do just a note, okay.

Laaaaaaa!

La.

Let me give you a little bit more there.

Laaaaaaaaaa!


Laaaa.

Loosen up.

All right, laaaaa!

Hi, i'm Katrina.

The current four-year long running champion of

penskeegee's popularity singing contest.

I'm actually tied with one other person for the record.

She moved to Los Angeles a few years ago to pursue her career

[good luck], so this year it's my turn to break the record.

Number 5, people. Number 5.

Come on, girl. Work it, work it, work it.

Move, move, move. I don't see you sweatin'!

Are you sweatin'? Girl you got nothin' to prove.

Because you're awesome, everybody knows it.

You are beautiful, you are tan,

you have everything that you could possibly want.

Do it for the competition! Number 5...

I don't even like that fan. - Number 5...

It's all you! You've got this!

So i'm about to head home for the first time in a few years.

It's a little nerve wracking.

This i'm working on for Danny for when he comes home.

This is a hook rug.

Oh boy, I love doing this hook rug, i'm quite a hooker.

I used to perform in this competition every year with my mom.

I have a matching one for Danny.

He never likes to wear it which does hurt my feelings.

Sometimes I used it to be corporate

or big business, or sometimes i just use it to be gay.

I was a little upset at first when I found out that Danny wasn't gay.

Not that it's a problem that he's not I mean, i'm not gay.

But if he were, we could be at the mall

oh he's cute, he's cute we'd both be looking at men together.

I just thought that'd always be a real kick.

Some other things, you know a cock, an ass, Republicans.

This one's housing all my childhood toys,

keeping them confined and locked up.

They're being speared with feathers.

I think it's important to take your childhood

and really show it who's boss.

Well we're going to have to renovate him soon.

When Danny was little, he played with him so much,

I think that's why he might have done a little issues with the periodontal.

I also have totem aquatic creatures everywhere.

This kitchen is basically designed to be

under the sea and in outer space at the same time. The two darkest places.

It's pretty fun basically to just look at someone and say,

"hey, do you like golden showers?"

And then, bam!

I've got a golden shower.

It's not real gold, but it's spray paint.

If you were him, how do you think you would sound?

Can you pretend you're him for a second

and just vocalize what he would sound like?

Hmmm.

Hmm, hm hm.

And how does that feel?

Does that feel good?

Wouldn't you rather be like, "hey, i'm a singer.

I'm cool."

Don't you think maybe he's not really happy

trapped beneath this tons of armor?

Are we gonna sing today?

Okay, well you know what, i think maybe he's confusing

so we're going to put him to sleep for a little bit

and I will come back to him.

Well the reason i had him out here

was because I think you are just like him.

I just think that life can be so much simpler.

You know, with a guitar and music.

Why does it have to be like goin' to a therapist?

I feel like i'm goin' to a therapist.

Huh?

You're right. No, I know. I know, no...

You're right. I know.

♪ Livin' reckless abandon not just another stand in ♪

♪ feel the beat, feel the beat of my heart ♪ feel it.

♪ Feel the beat of my heart.


Make sure i'm camera ready. Okay?

So I think for any major diva such as myself,

they really rely on their gay community

as their main support system.

Because I don't really have much of a family.

Anyway, Sebastian has introduced me to

some of his friends who happen to be gay,

and amazing fans.

They just shower me with praise.

He's helping me cultivate a gay following here in penskeegee.

♪ It's the risk that I take

♪ in the fight for what's right ♪

♪ I wanna be me from the start not just an illusion. ♪

♪ Play an intricate part eliminate confusion ♪

♪ livin' reckless abandon not just another stand in ♪

♪ feel the beat of my heart.

I feel like my breasts are falling out.

They are. - But that's okay.

You like it.

♪ I wanna be me from the start not just an illusion ♪

♪ play an intricate part eliminate confusion ♪

♪ livin' reckless abandon not just another stand in ♪

♪ feel the beat of my heart.

♪ It's me from the start.

Yay!

Woo!

I'm going to be singing in this singing competition.

Hopefully I win. If you win, you get a thousand bucks, and um,

split in two, that could get me to New York City.

You and me and our love ness

and our hate and our hate!

And the darkness of our soul, the darkness of our world! - World!

This year i'm performing with my new girlfriend.

So our piece is called die motherfucker die.

It's about existential annihilation.

Which is nothing.

Which is everything.

My girlfriend, she really gets me.

It all started with random household objects

that you can find in your house.

There's nothing in this spoon, just like in this piece.

And in the world.

Except when she doesn't.

Which is most of the time.

Die motherfucker, die! Die motherfucker, die!

Die motherfucker, die! [Continues]

But what if those things that are so necessary

would actually kill you? - Yeah, just like this.

All the motherfuckers that take like these sharp teeth.

Their forks, and their spoons, and their knives,

and eat, and consume, to their own death.

Like this guy, he just eats.

It's been so long.

I think it's been a couple of years, right Jim?

A couple of years he's been gone.

Uh huh. - Oh boy.

What I just can't believe

is that we get to be in the contest together.

This will be like old times.

I've got it all worked out. He doesn't know, but

I made him a costume and it's kind of a little furry.

It's going to be a Doe or a deer,

and i'm going to be a nymph.

We're going to have a whole woodland scene,

and we're going to belt out songs!

To feel, to feel, to feel... To feeeel!

To bind. - To hurt, to bind, to feel, to stick.

Anything that is so cyclical represents the earth

and represents our rotation and our correlation with the universe.

If there's anything that's the core of existential annihilation, it's that.

It's true and if you put tape on your skin and lift it up,

all these weird skin flecks come off,

and it looks just like the universe.

Oh die motherfucker, die. Oh die motherfucker, die.

I mean all in all, as you can tell--

it's a whole universe of skin. - All of these objects coming together,

being unified-- - it doesn't really mean anything, though, really.

It means everything.

But it was, you know-- this was pretty much my idea.

Pretty much all my idea.

Do you feel stuff weighing you down,

keeping you from really just...

'cause i'd really like to sing for the competition.

It's a thousand dollars if you win the grand prize.

Totally. and this is what I think.

Do you have some unresolved guilt?

I don't know what you mean.

Have you ever done something that

maybe you don't feel great about now, looking back,

and it's kind of disturbing your universe.

I had a pet cow named bessie once.

And she was my Bess-friend.

And I sold her to this farmer and I tried to buy her back

when I had enough money, but before I could he...

He took her to the slaughter house.

That explains it.

Bessie is angry with you.

She is? Yes, wouldn't you be?

But I didn't mean for it to happen.

It doesn't matter, she's gone.

She's been demolished. And it's your fault.

You have to apologize to bessie.

I do? - And now, yes now!

Right now.

Do you think she can hear me?

You need to really sense she's here with us.

You need to see her eyes. They're staring at you, and they're sad.

And they can't believe that you betrayed her.

So I really need you to connect with her eyes,

and see her beautiful face.

And see her getting carted to the slaughter house because of you.

And I really want you to apologize, and you have to mean it!

Bessie, i'm sorry!

Say it again!

Bessie, i'm sorry!

But I really, really want you to see her this time.

Stop pretending, because you killed her.

I'm sorry bessie! - You're a cow murderer!

Louder! louder! - I'm sorry bessie. I just want to sing!

I'm sorry you ended up as hamburger and steak, just let me sing!

Just let me sing!

Okay. - bessie, i'm sorry.

You think she... you think she heard me?

And she believes you, and she forgives you.

And she wants you to win. Okay?

I'm going to win for her. - Okay. Very good.

Oh, Katrina's great. I love Katrina.

I have her picture next to my bed

and I see her every morning when I wake up,

and when I go to sleep.

You know, I work for her but she's become like my inspiration.

She's so talented and

she has so many gifts, you know.

And I kind of want to emulate them sometimes.

Some people think that i just do this for the fame

and the acclaim, and the perks.

But that's just not true.

What I really do it for is the look that I get

when I see poor baby orphans, and I tell them

"one day, you too can change the world with singing."

So I pulled this chest out, because I want to show you a little secret I have.

She doesn't know so don't say anything,

but I collect some of her personal items

that i'm going to sell on ebay one of these days

when she makes it big.

And i'm going to make a fortune.

This is a water bottle

that she used last year at the singing competition.

It actually has her saliva on it.

It's going to be worth a pretty penny.

And she writes me these cute little notes

love you, xo cute little notes.

And those should be worth something.

And this razor, used razor by Katrina Whitman,

has probably been places that most haven't.

And this water bottle, I like to spritz her down

when she's all sweating and schvitzing all over the place during her workouts.

And oh, a butt plug.

Oh my goodness.

Danny? - hi, mom, dad.

Danny. - it's darque now.

Dark? - darque, with a q. This is ness.

We're darqueness.

Ness? i'm Jim. - My mother I wore this blue.

My mother gave this to us. I wore this at our wedding.

He's a glam leopard.

It's mine now.

She gave it to me before she passed away.

Scarves are often associated with sexual asphyxiation.

This is true. - I always wanted him

to be a girl for a little while

because we would have so much in common.

I know, I know, remember?

We did the - marcia...

Okay, all right enough. Let's get on to dinner, honey.

Please. - i'm starving. Let's just do this.

We've been fasting all day.

We have the cow we slaughtered out in back!

Ha ha! - Is she joking?

I don't know. - No, no

pretty good soup, marcia.

Oh thank you.

It's a nice squash.

Try it.

Try it!

Oops.

Oh, honey, please use a napkin.

Go use a napkin, please!

Napkins are bad for the environment.

They usually just wear a bib.

What, they don't wear shirts in Ohio?

Shirts don't have quite enough ventilation.

So are you excited for the competition?

Sure, yeah. Me and ness have

come up with something kind of shocking and creative.

It's a... But you're performing with me.

Why would you think that?

Because for eight or nine years that's what we did, and what we do.

We don't believe in linear time.

Besides that, i'm a little too old to be singing about

puff the magic dragon now, mom.

That is about the hardships of growing older.

It's very profound, and we've always done such a great job.

Mom, everyone knows that song is about puffin' on a reefer.

Smokin' pot. - Toking a reefer,

puffing and seeing the magic dragon. - Gettin' high!

That's not true, Dan.

It's about a young boy growing up, becoming a man.

They're projecting.

Katrina, my darling. You know how much I love you

and how much i'm rooting for you to win

penskeegee's singing competition for the fifth time.

You're going to do it.

So get ready, i made you this DVD.

We're going to work it out, we're going to get ready,

we're going to start with some physical workouts,

so start workin' it.

Lift those thighs; Lift those beautiful, luscious thighs.

Work it, work it. All right,

let's warm up the voice laaa!

That's right keep singing, girl.

Sing it from your lady business.

Sing it from your lady business!

Sing it from your lady business, sing it from your lady business,

you got it, you got it, you got it!

First off we're going to have the tractor.

And that goes on your root chakra.

Let's say you ever get a block about your lust or sexuality,

all that good stuff, i would encourage you

to do the tractor sounds.

Because that helps you release that.

Vroom, vroom, vroom.

So if you see someone attractive,

you can always try to give that a try.

And the dog goes on your sacral chakra.

And the dog represents connection and loyalty.

And whenever you really like someone,

we have you "woof!" We do the "woof!"

And it brings you bonding closer to that other thing.

Now the sheep is a great one,

because the sheep goes on your solar plexus.

So together we can work on your fear and anxiety.

Should you go to a party and feel a little wallflower-ish, just go "baaaaaaaaa!"

I'm sure it's going to draw you out,

and indeed it'll attract other people to you,

if only to ask what's wrong.

The next one then would be of course the cow, okay.

So bessie would go straight to your heart,

no explanation needed, okay.

So always celebrate your love for bessie.

Now the rooster is very important for you,

'cause I noticed sometimes you get stuck there in the singing arena.

It goes right on your throat chakra,

and it represents all the expression and communication.

And when you feel stuck, charlene,

I strongly encourage you to and this is going to be an advanced,

I don't expect you to know it now, but cocka-doodle-doo!

It sounds crazy, I know, I know. That's exactly what I told her!

Cocka-doodle-doo! cocka-doodle-doo! cocka-doodle-doo!

I really wish you were there,

because I could have told her that

and I said, "Beth and I both think

that this is weird. This is weird."

Perhaps you can wear a shirt at dinner,

little monkey son. - No!

Shirts are patriarchal! Everybody hates shirts.

Even... even... all the Republicans wear shirts!

But shirts have been around for centuries.

Everybody loves shirts, even tiny chihuahuas wear shirts.

Oh, little monkey son. - No!

Shirts are ugly! - What about me?

We'll sing our beautiful puff the magic dragon song.

No! puff the magic dragon is about smoking pot and doing crack!

No, it's about the hardships of life.

Childhood is so beautiful and light.

You don't worry about paying taxes or being audited.

Now of course, the horse, okay.

I know about your great relationship to your horse.

And because of that, as you know that will go into your third eye.

There you go. Okay, so it's going to keep you in balance,

it's going to guide you through all your tough times.

And the final chakra - the crown and is represented by you

and your highest self, represented by the cowboy.

And the hat is really cute.

So when you are all aligned,

when everything is coming together,

you are radiating the cowboy in all its glory.

And that's something to be proud of.

And see now you're all in alignment and it's gorgeous.

So just, you know, radiate.

♪ The glowing lights they ravish me ♪

♪ making love to all that god has sent my way ♪

♪ it's my moment

♪ i'm right where I belong

♪ i'm living my dream

♪ where I know nothing can go wrong ♪

I think you should start working on the performance

and how you're going to make people feel

what you're saying, you know? - Yeah, yes, yes.

Okay, so as far as the entrance is concerned,

is there any way to be lifted down from the rafters.

I mean, I could make a call.

Can you make a call and see?

La la la laaaaa la laaaaaaa.

Unicorns and glitter ponies.

Unicorns, glitter ponies, shiny glitter ponies, yeah.

Wait ness, ness.

What the fuck was that?

Unicorns and glitter ponies what the--

hold on. Okay, I don't think that language is appropriate.

What language?

F.

F - fuck?

Shhh. your mom, okay?

Listen, i'm having some shifts.

I'm feeling a little differently about this piece.

This piece needs some contrast.

We need something besides like death and darkness.

There needs to be the light side. - Some of the light side?

Well we have like the dark side and then

and the ness side, we're darqueness.

I know, but I think in order

for the meaning and the depth of it to happen,

we need some of the light.

Since last night - we have a white blender.

Since last night and the puff the magic dragon,

I feel like we need some magic.

What are you talking about? - Magic.

What the fuck are you talking about?

Okay, shhh. No f word.

The word magic the only dirty f word I know is feelings.

What is wrong with - feelings are amazing and so is magic.

Magic puff, puff the magic dragon oh.

Do you just need to get a little stoned before we finish this?

I've got pot in my bag. - I'm not going to smoke p.

Use the word p, okay? I don't want your parents to know

that you even use d-r-u-g-s, okay? - Can we say marijuana?

Is that wrong? - M. Okay?

Your mother and father deserve more.

Your mom is special. She's amazing

you didn't tell me how amazing your mom is.

You don't know anything about my mother.

She is incredible. Maybe I do. Maybe we shared

some moments, not just last night.

What moments did you share last night? What are you talking about?

We had some tea. Some herbal tea.

Does t stand for something, or is that actually a drink.

It stands for love.

Maybe your mom and i love each other.

Maybe your mom loves me like a daughter. - My mom doesn't love you.

She doesn't even know you. - She does know me.

My mom barely loves herself.

Your mom and I have

been together somewhere in another life.

We might have been lovers.

Maybe your mom and i were lovers;

I don't know maybe we were sisters,

maybe we were conjoined twins,

maybe we were conjoined twin lovers.

Bessie will free you, but you have to ask her to be free.

So ask her.

Bessie, will you free me?

No, no. In her language.

Her language.

Okay.

Moooooo!

Moooooo! come on, charlene.

We have to ask in her language. Mooooo!

Moo. - mooooooo!

Moo. - moooooo!

Moo. - mooooo!

Put some more into it.

Moo. - come on, she has to feel you.

Moooooo!

Moo! - charlene!

Moooooo!

Can you feel bessie?


So the second chorus. - Yes.

It needs to be stronger, you know.

Mmhm. - 'cause you're building.

You know, it's like sex. Music is like sex.

A long time, but i'm familiar. - You start out, it's foreplay.

It's gentle, it's caressing.

And then as you go, it builds, and it builds, and it builds.

And we're coming up to like of the way through,

and we want to start to climax.

Okay.

I know you know what i'm talking about.

I'm familiar.

Okay, so we're starting the climax here.

I normally fake it around that time.

I'm just kidding.

I'm a stupid bitch.

Okay, so right from the bridge?

♪ It's my moment

♪ i'm right where I belong

♪ i'm living my dream

♪ where I know nothing can go wrong ♪

♪ yes it's my moment

♪ look at me shine

♪ all eyes are on me

What the hell are you doing? - ♪ and the glor--

Stop it! What the hell are you doing?

I'm just showing you the climax.

No, no you were singing it's my moment like it's your moment.

No, it's always your moment.

Maybe me and your mom will-- - fuck you!

Because we have a special relationship! F you!

You fucking hippy! - F you!

Get out of my house! You're a hippy!

I don't need you anyway.

I'll make better art by my fuckin' self.

It's your moment. Go ahead.

I'm showing you - yeah, uh huh. Uh huh.

You need to be out. You're singing to me all the time.

You can't always use me as a crutch, love.

Yeah, i'm not using you as a crutch.

I'm using you as support.

Because everybody knows, rehearsal

is miniscule compared to the actual performance

where the artist comes out.

Yes, but you have to rehearse the way yeah, but it's my moment!

Of course, it's always your moment.

Okay, then sing "your moment".

♪ It's your moment

♪ it's your  you know what...

You go ahead and stay down here and sing.

I am going somewhere else, okay?

Come on, come back, darling.

You know what, this is not okay.

This is not okay.


Beautiful, beautiful!

Mooooooo!

Wonderful! - mooooooo!

Keep going! [Both] Mooooooo!

Change it up. Change it up.

Moo?

Moooooo!


Beautiful. - mooooooo!

Mooooooooo! [continues]

The rattling sounds are going to be--

oh, okay. - Do you want money or do you want a bottle?

I'll take the bottle.

You want the bottle? - Well I don't like change.

Do you think that'll be a good reflection of yourself

unto your neighbors and stuff?

The money would be fine.

I think money is more for you.

I'll take the bottle.

It's like a savings account. - Yeah, exactly.

But don't be so literal, you know.

My last partner, we won't mention her by name,

but my last partner used to take things too literally.

And these are all symbols.

Symbols for other things.

So this could be a sofa.

I'm thinking something that's not an object.

Like an emotion.

Oh!

Go bessie! Moooooooo!

Ha ha!

Moooooooo! - ha ha!

Moo!

That was kinda fun.

♪ The seeds of my success

♪ are rooted deep inside of me ♪

Okay, charlene?

I'm going to sing it

and just listen to the connection, okay? All right.

♪ The seeds of my success

♪ are rooted deep inside of me ♪

♪ I must have the strength to

♪ set this power free.

Celeste, that was beautiful!

I don't understand, why don't you go out for the competition?

I don't believe in competitions.

They bring out the worst in people.

Well I don't think it brings out the worst in me.

I think it brings out my best, that's what you've been tellin' me!

Trust me, I know these things.

Do those have rinds? - Uh, I guess.

Sweetie, you know i cannot have rinds.

They're filled with pesticides.

Nothing but organic matter can touch this face.

We need to be on the same team, okay?

I'm so sorry. - I'm so stressed.

Just get on, poor love, okay?

Thank you.

You're excused.

You're going to have that audience eating out of the palm of your hand.

Of course you're beautiful and talented, and smart.

Of course you are.

No matter what anyone else says.

You are going to win.

She doesn't even know what they're called, for crying out loud.

Gimme a break.

She is just getting to be too much.

Number 5, number 5, number 5, number 5.

♪ Said it's my moment

♪ i'm gonna take my turn

♪ yes it's gonna be my way

Year 5, it's all you.

It's all Katrina

said it's about time

time that I win

die mother fucker, die, die! - Louder, mom!

Die! die! Mother fucker die!

Feel it! Feel it, mom! - Mother fucker! Die, die!

Let it go through your soul.

I want you to feel it.

Mother fucker! Die, die! [Continues]

Feel it, feel it!

I want you to go back into that state of mind

you were in when you were conceiving me.

When you were creating the universe,

when you were creating the darkness in this world!

Aaaaaah!

Do you feel it?

Thanks, mom.

Oh honey, i've missed you.

I know.

Beth likes to hear me sing,

Beth likes to hear me sing.

She's my beth'd, beth'd,

beth'd, beth'd friend [Horse neighing]

My beth'd, beth'd,

beth'd, beth'd friend

come on, Beth. Don't you like to hear momma sing?

Of course you do.

And here you are, neighing in the background.

I can't even sing a song to Beth without you neighing.

"Oh, don't leave me out!"

Don't talk back.

[Eerie music]

Celeste, you're so wonderful and beautiful and talented.

And you're the winner of the 25th annual

penskeegee singing competition!

Yay!

Thank you, oh my god, this is such an honor.

I have no words for you.

You've all been so wonderful

I just don't know what to say so i will let my tears speak for me.

And thank you even to my competition.

I'm just surrounded by talented people,

but, you know, there's only room for me at that top.

So i'm sorry and maybe i'll see you next year.

Yay, Celeste!

Yay!

You know what that means.

There's only room for one of us at the top.

Oh well.

Katrina, it's time to go.

I hope that didn't hurt too much.

I just want to make sure that you don't come back,

because you've won too many times.

You had a lot to offer the world but your time is up.

Goodbye.

We'll remember you.

[Church music]

I'm the judge of the competition.

And it was brought up to me that i really should not be

the judge of the competition and also be my choir's choir director,

because I could not be impartial.

And I said, well I certainly can be impartial,

but rather than ruffle any feathers,

I said "all right, I will excuse myself.

And John will be the choir director

and I will play the organ,

but I will also be the judge of the competition."

[Trying to play organ]

What?

Oh hellfire.

This year is going to be our 25th year.

It's the most exciting year ever.

We have a celebrity host

who is marcellas Reynolds, from the reality TV show, "big brother".

I am marcellas Reynolds from big brother.

And I am the most famous and most successful ex-house guest

in the history of the franchise.

It's the 12th or 13th season I think,

and I was from seasons three and seven.

And I am just so excited that this man

who has been in front of millions of people on nationwide television

is going to be coming to our little town.

This is John. He's our choir director now.

I'm the choir director now. - And this year

we have a very talented church choir.

Many people, talented people. - We have wonderful soloists.

Wonderful soloists.

And every week, John puts together a brand new program

brand new program every week. - Every Sunday.

Every Sunday. - And I am the organist.

And so I get to listen - and play.

Yes, and play, and it's gratifying.

And every week we have just a wonderful, wonderful time.

Do you feel as though

the divine purpose is working through us

with this competition?

When you're singing, you're really praying.

You're really talking right to god.

Because god's the one that gave it to you,

and you're giving it back.

Do you think god likes what we're doing?

Do you think there's any way

that we can be getting his attention by this?

Or do you think he might even smite us?

There's no way that he'd have another earthquake like they had in 1810.

No, I couldn't get up in front of people and sing.

It's just not really

what I would want to do.

I, marcellas Reynolds, am the star

of the 25th annual penskeegee popularity singing contest.

And I take that very seriously.

People aren't coming to see somebody sing, they're coming to see me!

Welcome everyone, to penskeegee's 25th annual pop-u-larity singing contest!


Where the winner walks away with $1,000, a year's supply of fried chicken,

and instantly becomes penskeegee's most pop-u-lar person!


Sponsored by chicken boy.


It isn't chicken if it isn't chicken boy.

Thank you, chicken boy.

As you know, i'm your host marcellas Reynolds,

from the hit reality series big brother!


And joining me today on our panel of judges is someone you all know and love.

Please welcome the founder of popularity, Louise Perkins!


Now originally, 99.9's

very own Brian seabreeze was scheduled to be our guest celebrity judge.

But due to a last minute family emergency [rehab],

we now have pastor bill.

[Awkward applause]

So without further ado, let's get this stage pop-u-lated!


♪ Shining brighter than the brightest sun ♪

♪ hip-popular

♪ yo I run this town

♪ hip-popular

♪ everybody bow down.  ♪ hip-popular

♪ ooohhhh oh oh oh oh

♪ I want you to know

Eeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

♪ I'm lookin' for my cowboy

♪ i'm lookin' for my now boy

♪ i'm lookin' lookin' lookin' for my cowboy ♪

♪ he walks and talks

♪ but he never stalks he

Locks the door and ♪

♪ and then he knocks

♪ i'm lookin' lookin' lookin' for that cowboy ♪

♪ he doesn't like abstract art ♪

♪ he doesn't know how to read a weather chart ♪

♪ or what's it mean to order a la carte that's him ♪

♪ he knows how to rule a wrestlin' ring ♪

♪ and how to eat a spicy chicken wing ♪

♪ he's not allergic to bee stings ♪

♪ or right-wing politics

♪ he's never heard of bok choy

♪ he's never tasted pure soy

♪ his name might be Troy

♪ but I don't know

♪ and i'll be his girl toy

♪ i'll be his pride and joy

♪ i'll be ever so coy

♪ I won't ever annoy

♪ unless it's just a ploy

♪ i'm lookin' for my cowboy

♪ i'm lookin' for that now boy

♪ i'm lookin' lookin'

♪ lookin'

♪ for my cowboy.


Charlene, did you write that yourself?

I did, yes.

Really... really imaginative use of

bok choy and soy in the same song. Good.

So judges, what did you think of charlene hornsby?

Very well done, confident, and i think you've got a lot to be proud of.

And as for the song itself, i would say it was impeccably rhymed.

So all in all oh, and your hat is very becoming,

so I think that was also a very good choice for you.

All in all, congratulations, and thank you very much.

Thanks, Louise.

And pastor bill?

I thought it was okay.

And charlene, we're all hoping that you find

your cowboy real soon.

I don't think i've ever met anyone

that needed a cowboy quite so badly.

Ladies and gentlemen, once again, charlene hornsby!


Thank you! - Yay.

Chicken boy.

Let's keep this going.

Hello everybody.

I wrote this song after a dear friend of mine

became a total m.F.

This song is called "the magic of friendship."

Here we go.

♪ The magic of friendship skipping joyously through ♪

♪ dew dappled meadows, from out of the shadows ♪

♪ the werewolf leaps from behind the rainbow ♪

♪ the unicorn peeks

♪ love shoots from their eyes  ♪ shooting stars collide

♪ their glitter hearts beat beat beat beat beat ♪

♪ with the magic of friendship ♪

Here we go, i'm going to explain a little to you

about this unlikely friendship.

♪ Werewolf and unicorn two unlikely friends ♪

♪ together 'til the end

♪ when werewolf rides

♪ on unicorn's back

Hi charlene, how are you oh.

What are you doing with that?

I found it pokin' out of your bag.

Yeah, that's mine.

It's cute, isn't it?

Verse two!

♪ Werewolf and unicorn may disagree ♪

♪ about what to order at the eatery ♪

♪ werewolf prefers human blood... ♪

I don't know. The needles are creepy in the throat.

You know have you ever had acupuncture?

No. - okay then.

Those needles serve to release energy.

Remember when we were talking about blocks and everything? - Right.

And you don't want your Karma to be trapped.

Because then you can't be your best performing self.

So I made sure that as many needles as I could find

to attack that problem. You know what I mean?

My Karma problem. No, your Karma problem?

Well you know, you, me, we're all the same.

♪ The magic of friendship.


Thank you!

Thank you, marcellas. - Ladies and gentlemen--

join in, join in hands.


Friendship. - the magic of friendship.

Nessa, the ukulady, ness, the ukulady,

and her friends the werewolf and the yeti.

Unicorn, unicorn. - Unicorn.

Yay!


Thank you wooo!

Victory!

I feel so good marcello.

I found these guys in a homeless shelter

and they just dove right in.

You know we got these outfits, they were troopers.

I feel great.

You can't help but notice the outfit on the unicorn.

Well I don't understand a word you said, but I think it sounds brilliant, Celeste.

Let me tell you... - You're gonna do a great job.

You really liked my piece? Are you serious, you really liked my piece?

I did. Keep it up.

Keep up the good work. Thank you, okay?

I think i'm gonna start a band with Beth. - Okay.

She's so good, she's like sometimes she moves her head,

and I bring out the instruments - oh honey, I got to go do my

vocal exercises. - Okay, good luck.

I love you. - Love you too!

Thank you!

Let's keep this party going!

Please welcome to the stage, Celeste!

♪ [Upbeat music]

Oh man, this is gonna take forever.

Hey man, can you help me take this shit off?

'cause I gotta go on like really soon.

Sure man, what do you need?

Dude, I gotta take all these jewels off.

♪ Big thoughts big goals big dreams ♪

♪ then I got a little older

♪ and something changed

♪ fear was all around me

♪ and people said you better play it safe girl ♪

♪ you're gonna end up poor

♪ sad tired alone

♪ but I don't want to be a starving artist ♪

♪ I don't want to be homeless.

Help me get the paint off then.

The paint?

Yeah, the paint. Do you see?

Do you think i'm this color really?

♪ The little girl is back now

♪ and she's better than ever

♪ I need

♪ i'm back


Watch out Britney Spears!

All right, go.

Oh, oh, oh!

I thought that your choreography was energetic and enjoyable,

I thought that the music itself was rather monotone

and I would have preferred utilization

of your soprano register as well as your alto register.

And as for the content of the song,

I would imagine that the best way to describe that

as a spiritual journey.

So right now I guess you're kind of a penskeegee Magellan.

And pastor bill.

I liked it.

He likes Asian girls.

Ladies and gentlemen, Celeste! [Applause]

♪ This is the song of freedom

♪ always chasing rainbows

Wooooo! wooooo!

It is almost time for us to take our abyssful place back to our original senses of nothingness.

Die mother fucker, die mother fucker, die mother fucker, die!

And for now, all we will leave you with is the image of your nothing.

Die mother fucker, die! [Continues]

Of your sadness, of your abyss.

Die mother fucker, die mother fucker, die mother fucker, die!

Die mother fucker, die mother fucker, die mother fucker, die!

Ah! [continues]

Ladies and gentlemen, darque and marcia!

[Single handclapping]

All right, darque!

That's my boy!

Marcia!

Good goin', son, all right!

Woo, woo!

Woo darque! Woo!

So guys...

You really did your thing.

You got a spot on your back, bend over.

Oh, oh, oh!

All right everybody, on your feet.

We're going to all sing something we can all get behind.

Ready?

♪ O say can you see  everybody!

♪ By the dawn's early light

You know this song!

♪ What so proudly we hail

Come on!

Uh! uh!

Come on.

♪ Whose bright stripes and bright stars ♪

♪ through the perilous fight

Wait - can you help me get this thing off him?

I can't hear you! - ♪ were so gallantly streaming ♪

♪ and the rocket's read glare

♪ the bombs bursting in air

♪ gave proof through the night

♪ that our flag was  oh, chicken boy!

Stop moving so much. Stop moving. - I'm not.

♪ That gave us that star spangled ♪

♪ banner yet wave

♪ for the land of the free

Go, go, go, go, go!

♪ And the home of the brave.

Ahhhhhh! [cracks]

Shit. [applause]

Ladies and gentlemen, the founder of popularity,

Louise Perkins! [Applause]

And a big round of applause for all of you.

We gotta go.

Yeah. yeah, thanks guys.

♪ It's my roast beef sandwich that's a little bit dodgy ♪

♪ my roast beef sandwich that {S been sitting awhile. ♪

I felt really good about my performance,

and I feel that it's a new path for me.

I think yeah, for people that are into that

kind of thing, ness did a great job.

I have space in my crew, though,

like if you ever want to work backstage.

I have a lot, you know I have space

you're really good at costumes and make-up, obviously.

That's super nice of you.

I'm still going to New York. - Well, it's the magic of friendship.

I'll be in New York, too. - Not giving up.

♪ And what a great feat  - ♪ oooh

♪ to smell like dodgy meat.  - ♪ wooo!

♪ When people come to see me, they say ♪

♪ what do you got to eat?

♪ It's my moment

Katrina, didn't we practice down here.

Yeah, but I changed it.

I thought, it's time for them to see

a different color of Katrina.

You know, legit soprano, huh? - Okay.

No? - okay, great. Yeah, wonderful.

What? - okay, I got you these boas.

I don't know take your pick.

Okay... - maybe pink goes with your dress.

I didn't know exactly what you-- - these look like they were

from the 99-cent store. - No, of course not.

Okay, um mardi gras, hello, i'm not showing my breasts today. That much.

And now welcome to the stage of popularity, Sebastian Walker!

I gotta go. - Am I an easter peep?

I gotta go. - What do you mean you have to go?

I'll be back. - You have to go to the bathroom?

You can't just leave me here.

♪ All the ups and downs

♪ and I thought by now

♪ I could trust you with my dream ♪

♪ how naïve did I seem ♪

♪ lost in my doubt

♪ you filled me up with hope

♪ just to knock me to the ground ♪

♪ beware the strength i've found ♪

♪ you're just another bridge

♪ i've burned

♪ it's time for me to take

♪ my turn

♪ to put you in the past

♪ with all that didn't last

♪ i'll find my way through

♪ i'm moving on from you

These damn shoes.

Stupid dress.

You little bastard!

♪ Betrayed all my trust

♪ love doesn't live here

♪ any more oh yeah

You're just another bridge ♪

♪ i've burned

♪ it's time for me to take

♪ my turn

♪ to put you in the past

♪ with all the love that didn't last ♪

♪ i'll find my way through

♪ i'm moving on from you

♪ i'm moving on

♪ from you.


Oh my god, my make-up's running.

I'll cry with my eyes open.

I can't do it!

Hi Sebastian.

Hi. - that was really good.

Thanks.

Oh my gosh. I don't even know if my boobs look even. Okay.


What the hell was that? - Uh...

What the hell, you can't even speak, can you,

because you know what you did you just stabbed me in the f'ing back!

I would never do that.

You would never do that? What the hell was that, then?

It's been my dream forever, i've always wanted to sing.

Why do you think i work with you?

I learn from you. - How have you not told me that?

♪ She can't act anymore.

♪ Not 'cause she's dead, but before. ♪

You just want to hold me down so you can have your own glory.

Hold you down? Hold you down?

Now i'm going to hold you down under water!

♪ She fell down when I punked her ♪

♪ I better watch out for Ashton kutcher. ♪

You have been watching me for the last couple of years we've been working together.

And you've been copying every single thing i've ever done!

You may want to be a diva, and try to be a diva, but you will never be a diva!

Demi moore's dead!

I was scared of you being a bitch

and look what - you're being a fucking bitch to me.

You know what, you are so fired. - Just like always.

Just like I thought. I quit! - Yeah? Really?

Well get your shit out of my mom's house and move out!

No problem, done and done. - I never want to see you again.

Oh really? Okay, some of that?

You know what, fuck you, you little twink! - Fuck you harder!

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage of popularity,

the four-year defending champion, Katrina Whitman!


[Piano music]

♪ All eyes are on me

♪ once again i'm

♪ center stage

♪ the glowing lights

♪ they ravage me

♪ making love to all that  god has sent my way ♪

♪ it's my moment

♪ i'm living my dream

♪ where I know nothing can go wrong ♪

♪ the glory of my melody

♪ wafts towards my adoring masses ♪

♪ as they devour my brilliance

♪ falling at the feet of my resplendence ♪

♪ it's my moment

♪ look at me shine

♪ i'm living my dream

♪ where I know nothing can go wrong ♪

♪ yes it's my moment

♪ look at

♪ look at me!

♪ Yes it's my moment

♪ look at me shine

♪ all eyes are on me

♪ and the glory of

♪ this moment

♪ will be mine.

[Weak applause]

Thank you.

Katrina Whitman!

[Weak applause]

Katrina, how does this rank in your

five performances on the popularity stage?

Thank you. Um I have a terrible case of laryngitis

and a very high fever,

so I think that...

Explains what happened.

Louise, what do you think of Katrina Whitman?

Well, there's a lot here.

Um I need a moment.

Pastor bill?

I've seen better.

Katrina, today with your performance,

there were some phrases that were very well done,

and many phrases that were not where you would have them be.

So going forward, i would tell you

to forget about the audience,

and the lights, and the feather boa,

and I would tell you to focus on the music.

Because the music will never steer you wrong.

Thank you so much.

And as for "it's my moment,"

Katrina, it may be time

for it to be someone else's moment.

Katrina, thank you so much. - Thank you!

Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for Katrina Whitman!

[Weak applause]


And now, the moment we've all been waiting for.

The votes are tallied.

May I please have the envelope.

Thank you, chicken boy.

And the winner of penskeegee's 25th annual

popularity singing contest is...

Sebastian Walker!

Ah! oh!

Wow!


And congratulations

on becoming penskeegee's most popular person.


And I think it's unfair

I don't think Sebastian had any talent.

He's obviously sleeping with Lois,

or Louise whatever her name is.

Or pastor bill. I mean it's obvious that

pastor bill is probably his youth minister or something

sex is not always the answer.

I didn't say that pastor bill are you saying pastor bill and Sebastian were having sex?

That's totally gross. - No, no, sweetie.

I was saying he's probably his youth minister and coached him

and it was probably some sort of nepotism, narcissism thing going on.

You just go back to where you came from.


Sebastian Walker!

♪ [Country music]

You can't believe how you took me by surprise

when you grabbed me and kissed me.

I thought you were going for a hug.

Ah. - [laughter]

I'm proud of myself for goin' through the competition

and I met some new friends. It was a great experience.

I'm not givin' up.

Beth and I have a musical band

and i'm thinking about forming a horse dance troop on the side.

But come on Beth, let's hit it!

Come on!

♪ [Techno music]

We're backstage at the show; My show,

is finally in New York on broad -- well off-Broadway.

♪ [High adrenaline music]

It is exciting. - So great.

I'm so proud of him.

He's just emerged into a totally bizarre person,

but i'm okay with that. Because I think we all are, really.

We just came out of our shells.

Whole family.

Are you ready? Should we watch it?

Yeah, let's watch it.

♪ [High adrenaline music]

Oh my.

Hm. - uh.


I haven't really heard from ness in a while.

Last time I heard, she had a children's show.

♪ [Upbeat ukulele music]  ♪ it's the ukulady's ukuluniverse ♪

♪ first there's me the ukulady then there's nanny she's from Russia ♪

♪ I got lots of other friendsies won't you join us in a toast ♪

♪ to the downfall

♪ of evil

♪ it's the ukulady's ukuluniverse. ♪

Good times!

Super duper! I love you!

My experience with the singing competition

has been extraordinary.

I am truly humbled.

And I also wanted to reach out to all my competitors

in a massive cleansing ceremony.

I invited all of them, alas, only one of them showed up.

But it's fine, I forgive and i hope they will too.

[TV playing katrina's competition song] - [Groaning, crying]

♪ It's my moment

It's my moment...

And you stole it, you little twink!

That's right come on, Beth!

You go!

So i'm very happy that I left my sort of glamorous L.A. life

for the simple life here in...


I'm happy you're here, too.

I'm happy you're happy, and i'm happy that we're happy together.

We are. - So that's all that matters.

And we are together producing my

debut album. - Yeah.

[Pop music] ♪ i'm intoxicated

♪ babe, i'm designated.

Listen, if this album doesn't work,

Sebastian and I will be putting out a porn tape,

a la Kim Kardashian.

I'm not above pulling that gesture.

Well hey that is how people get publicity for albums, right?

Maybe we should do that anyway.

Yeah, right off the bat.

We'll certainly have fun doing it.

Oh! ah!

[Upbeat music]

I can't believe you let me lay out in the sun that long.

Ah, that feels much better.

Don't stop.

I can't do that.

Great! uuh!

Uuh!

Uuh!


They will wear suits, suits made of skins from their enemies.

You can sew them, using your sewing skills [laughter]

I will cut the skin, you will sew the skin.

She likes legs.

So put her on your body.

She likes legs?

No, I mean put her on - [Crew laughing]

Oh, put her on here??

Die, die, die, motherfucker!

I almost died in child birth, i almost died in child birth!

♪ Love shoots from their eyes

♪ stars collide their glitter hearts beat beat beat beat beat ♪

♪ the magic of friendship.  - ♪ oooh.

Harder. you got to get it all-- - ooh yeah.

You gotta get it all off.

All right.

