




VOYAGES AND GRAVELS

Where is the rat?

She's behind the curtaim. where she always hides.

Mama! Jane has knocked me down! 

Take her up to the redroom immediately.

The child has the devil in her. I've always said.

No! No! Not the redroom! No!No!Not the redroom!

No!

Don't come back, Uncle Reed. Please don't come back.

Uncle Reed, please don't come back. Please.

Let me out! Please help me. Just let me out! let me out!

Come along, John          Yes, come on, John, we haven't got all day.

Don't worry. I won't shoot you.

Unless we don't like the painting, that is .

Hello.

Shouldn't you be in the portrait? There's still plenty of room.

Jane Eyre?          She's not part of the family.

It's no use looking at me like that, Jane.

I have tried my hardest, but you made it impossible.

I tried to carry out my dear husband's wishes.

But you have made it impossible. You know you have.

You have deliberately made it impossible for me to love you.

Say something, unnatural child!

You have not tried very hard.

My uncle's dying wish was that you treat me as one of your children.

You have not tried to.

You dare to tell me...

That is why he haunts the redroom.

Because you've disobeyed him.

And on the day you die, God will know who is telling the truth.

Whatever you or I say now.

Come on, Miss Jane. You have a visitor. You must look your best.

I have tried so very hard.

You cannot believe how hard I have tried but...

There is the devil in the child.

What is your name, child?

Jane Eyre, sir.

Do you know, Jane Eyre, what happens to little children when they die?

They go to heaven.

And what happens to disobedient deceitful girls when they die?

They go to hell...

So what must you do to avoid this terrible fate?

I must take care to keep in good health 

and not to fall ill, sir.

Your aunt tells me that you are a deceitful child.

Is that true, Jane Eyre?

I am not a liar.

So do you say your aunt is a liar?

Ah, Jane Eyre...

How could I forget? Step out here, Jane.

Jane Eyre, I'm sorry to have to tell you, 

is a liar.

The lesson of the day will be that lying is a sin.

That all liars deserve to be shunned by their fellows.

 LIAR

Stand on that stool, Jane.

You will stay there until midnight, 

and you will not eat or drink 

but bow to beg God's forgiveness for your sin.

I wish I could escape to one of these places.

Somewhere where it's warm.

I believe you will.

But you'll have to work hard.

You have to accept that we've been left here by 

our families to fend for ourselves.

If you take advantage of the education here, .

if you are not too rebellious, and if you are patient, then you will find your way out.

We will both work our hardest 

and pray that God spares us until we are grown up.

And then what do we do?

I think when we grow up, we have to be teachers.

How do we ever get out of here, Helen?

We advertise.

There you are.

You're very cold, Jane.

Come on under my covers.

No, no!

God can't have her! He can't take her!

God has already taken her, Jane.  

You must be brave.

Helen, Helen. Helen, Helen.

Girls

 look how the sun casts shadows on the flowers.

Helen Burns 1817 - 1829

Come on, girls, hurry up now.

Miss Eyre. 

There appears to be a letter for you, Miss Eyre.

If Miss J.E. is in a position to give satisfactory references

as to character and competency, 

"then we will be happy to engage her 

as a governess to Miss Adele Varens, 

"ward of Mr. Rochester of Thornfield Hall."

Ah, there's Thornfield Hall now, miss.

There's always a light burning in the tower.

Are you taking me to Mrs Fairfax?

In there.

Why, it's Miss Eyre!

At last!

Oh, we've been waiting for you for so long!

Oh, I'm Mrs. Fairfax. Welcome to Thornfield.

My goodness, Miss Eyre. How hungry you are.

You must have been travelling all day.

How long is it since you have sat beside the fire and eaten a hearty meal?

Oh, approximately eight years.

Oh, my goodness.

Eight years?

Hasn't sat by the fire for eight years?

Eight years. 

I'll tell the master that when he gets back from abroad.

That will amuse even him. 

Oh, not that he's without humour, of course.

Certainly not.

I remember he used to tell jokes as a child.

He keeps himself to himself, but you needn't worry.  

He's hardly ever at home. Always travelling.

Miss Eyre.

You are up early. I hope you slept well.

Yes, thank you. I was anxious to meet Adele.

Ah, yes. Well, you won't have to wait long.

Does she play up there?

Oh, goodness me, no. 

 no one lives up there.

Oh, I thought I saw someone at the window.

There's only Grace Poole there.She does the laundry.  

 Ah!          Mrs. Fairfax...

I don't think Miss Adele can wait any longer.

My lover gets jealous...I'm such a flirt!

I love pretty dresses... He loves his money

I'm always losing my temper! He's so impossible

Bonjour Mademoiselle Jane, encantada de conocerla.


Oh, thank goodness you will be able to understand her.

Now you can tell me what she is singing.

Well,

I believe it is a romance.

The woman is declaring her love for her sweetheart.

Merci,merci,merci. I will dance another one.

Later, maybe..

But first you will show me to our school room.

Damn it! Christ!

Quiet, Pilot!

Damn it.          Are you injured, sir?

Get away from me.

Witch,

you've done enough damage.

I cannot think of leaving you, until I see you are fit to mount your horse.

You should be at home yourself, where do you live?

At Thornfield Hall. I can fetch help, I'll ve a little while.

Do you think you can bring him over to me?

Come over here,

 come.

Come here, come here.

Hold this.

Thank you, Miss...           Jane Eyre, sir.

Well, that's what happens when you bewitch a man's horse, Miss Eyre.

A lot of pain and cursing.

I did not bewitch your horse, sir. 

I was waiting for you to go past.

You were hovering. Casting spells.

Now get off back to Thornfield hall, if that is indeed where you live.

I do.

But I will post my letter first. Before I return.

Don't be late back...

Miss Jane Eyre

Ah, Miss Eyre, there you are.

What do you think? The master is back.

Mr. Rochester.?

Not a word about his return, as usual,

and he had an accident on the road.

The doctor is with him in the drawing room now.

Adele, come away!

Time for bed.

Mr. Rochester will see you tomorrow.

Miss Eyre,

Make yourself ready.

Master has finished his business for the day and wishes to see you.

Me?

Yes.

Oh, no, no, no. you must change.

This will have to do.

This will have to do.

Ah, Miss Eyre.


Does Miss Eyre require a present?

Excuse me, sir?


Does the governess expect me to have brought her 

a present back from my travels overseas?

No, sir.

What are you doing standing over there where I can't see you?

Where would you like me to stand, sir?          Here, sit.

Are you fond of presents, Miss Eyre?

I haredly know, sir. 

 I have little experience of them.

Never had a present?

I believe they are generally thought pleasant things, sir.

But to this frivolous little doll, this true daughter of Paris,

they are the stuff of life, aren't they, my little...

the thought of presents makes her live and breathe.

Monsieur Rochester?


Quiet! While I talk to Miss Eyre.

Where are you from?

Lowood Institution, sir.          How long were you there?

Eight years.

I'm amazed you survived. You're so small.

Didn't they feed you?          No, sir.

And how do you find yourself here and not still there?

I advertised, sir.

Of course you did.

What of your family?

I have none, sir.

None whatsoever?

Friends?

None, sir.          None at all?

I had a friend once. But she died a long time ago, sir.

You're lucky, Miss Eyre.

If you do not love another living soul,

then you'll never be disappointed.

Yes, sir.

Adele tells me you play the piano brilliantly.

I play a little, sir.          Of course, a little, that's what they all say.

Go over there and play.

Enough!

Yes. You're right. You do play a little.

These yours?

Yes, sir.

These are...

These are interesting.

The ideas all yours?

Yes, sir.

Were you happy when you painted these?

I was fully occupied.  

I was not unhappy.

What do you think of me, Monsieur? Do you think I look beautiful?

Shall I dance for you?          Miss Eyre, what are you thinking of?

It's very late. Adele should be in bed.

And my foot hurts like the blazes.

Good night, sir.

So,

What did you think of Master?

He is very changeable.          Yes.

But he has... He has had disappointments in his life.

I hope you will forgive his rough and ready ways. You will not leave.

I've grown used to you.

I hope he won't scare you away.

I am not scared of rough manners.

He will be gone soon.

He never stays for more than a few days at a time.

Afternoon,miss.

Miss Eyre, come here.

Sit.

Not you, Pilot.

Miss Eyre, excuse me.

I am used to giving orders and having them obeyed.

Sit, if you please.

I beg your pardon, sir, I did not ask your permission to read the books.

Permission? To read the books?

You are a thinking, intelligent woman, aren't you??

Why ever would you need to ask permission?

Who else is to read them? Adele? The venerable Fairfax?

I'd more likely find Pilot poring over the flora and fauna  

of the South American flatlands.

So, anyway, talk.

Talk, sir?          Yes, talk, if you please.

See how I'm learning to be polite.

I had a tedious day of mortgages and share prices

and I would like to be entertained.

Entertained, sir?          Miss Eyre, can we proceed?

When I am tired, I tend to dwell on my darker thoughts.

I would like to entertain you, sir.

I am not sure what would interest you, though.

A smile.

A very small one. 

The mere glimpse of a smile. At last! Tell me your thoughts. I command you.

I was just thinking, sir, it's...

Not many employers would ask the opinion of someone they pay &30 a year to.

I pay you a salary, do I?

Well, of course I do. Well, I should have my money's worth, then.

I can see there is another problem. Out with it.

You haven't actually paid me anything yet, sir.

 mercenary girl!

Fetch me my keys now! You want my money in your hand before you will amuse me?

No, sir. That will not be necessary, sir.

Maybe you could ask questions, sir?

Have you travelled, Miss Eyre?

No,sir.

All young people wish to travel.

Even if they find kindness and food and a fire, they wish to be gone.

I have travelled all over the world,Miss Eyre.

And it's very overrated.

Yes,sir.

When I was a young man, I was your equal.

I had a clear conscience,

unpolluted by sin.

I took the wrong path.

It wasn't my fault that I took it, but...

I must bear the blame for continuing on it.

I think you may have a little of the witch about you.

You bewitched my horse.

You sit there, patiently,

and would draw out secrets of my past.

I do not wish to pry,sir.

I know,Jane.

Do you think me handsome, Jane?          No,sir.

Look carefully.

If I were to tell you that I'm worth &20,000 ,

Surely the light from the fire would soften my features.

Do I not now seem to you now the very model of a fashionable man?

I do not think there is anything in science that will allow that, sir.

I spoke hastily,sir, I did not mean that I find you repellent...

What I meant is that 

it is the character inside that determines a person

not the outer shell.

Take care,Jane.

Don't look too closely inside of me.

You might not find anything within at all beautiful.

And then where would we be?

Not important, no.

Is that Grace Poole?

Does she live alone in the North Tower?

North Tower catches the wind. I don't know why,

 it makes me shiver just to think of it.

Miss Eyre, 

you're required!

This way,hurry up.

Oh,goodness, Miss Eyre.

The master has taken it into his head to give Adele a biology lesson,

and we all have to hunt beetles.

Monsieur Rochester,we are bored with looking at the English water beetles.

They are not beautiful like the ones in your study.

Can I go with you, Monsieur Rochester,when you set off on your travels once more?

I will always wear my best dress and everyone will think I am pretty.

yes

but if they see you for the shallow little creature that you are,

no more substance than one of those meringues over there, well, 

then they will find you disgusting,my little Parisienne.

They would find me disgusting!

You are mistaken, Adele, if you do not think to find interesting creatures here in England.

There's a bird. it's a...

It's a quite nondescript grey colour 

and it's accustomed not to moving too quickly, 

not to draw attention to itself for fear of being beaten.

It wishes it could be in a cage.

But, sooner or later, 

slowly,

day by day, its wings grow very strong 

nd if you were to look very closely, 

you would see brilliant scarlet feathers hidden under its drab wings.

Until one day, it has grown so confident 

that it flaps its red wings and flies straight upwards into the sky 

and those lucky enough to catch it in flight 

think that they have caught a glimpse

of a firebird.

And then?

Well, then it flies away somewhere warm and never comes back.

I don't think I believe in this bird.

It's true.

There is one here at Thornfield in the gardens if you look very hard.

Madame Fairfax, 

Monsieur Rochester said the ladies will say I'm disgusting.

Oh, that's nice, dear.

Come, Miss Eyre, you have something to say?

You should not tease, sir. She is just a child.

She is. But she's also selfobsessed,   

thoughtless, vain.

You've made great headway with her even in the past few months,

but look at her.

Just like her mother.

I saw what the mother became.

That is no reason to despise the child.

Do you really think?

If the blood is tainted, won't I be failing in my duty to her to let her remain like this 

and not to try my best to correct her ways?

She does not deserve to be ridiculed or despised.

She's a child,

She deserves that you should trust her.

That she'll grow and learn and...           Miss Eyre?

No, thank you, Adele.

We shall see, Miss Eyre.

Come on.

Adele, don't run! 

 What's the matter with Sophie?

She doesn't like les malades, the mad people.

No, Pilot. No, you don't belong here.

Go back to your master.          Pilot, come here!

Jane,

come and look at this fellow.

Look at his wings.

I have seen one like this in the West Indies, but never here.

That will teach me to tease Adele.

Come, sit down with me for a while.

Sit 

As it is now your job as well as mine to bring Adele up correctly, 

I am going to tell you about her.

About where she came from and who she belongs to.

Maybe you'll understand.          You do not need to tell me anything.

I know.

You understand too much without me saying anything.

It is the witch in you.

You have to imagine a young man. Well, one who is still youngish 

and who has made a mistake, not his fault, but ...

this mistake and the darkness that follows it  

have set him helterskelter around the world in search of beauty to help ease his soul.

And he does find beauty, 

or rather, beauty finds him because,

as you will guess, this is a very rich youngish man.

That look.

No judgement, no pity.

That look could prise secrets from the blackest souls.

Where were we?

Beauty finding a youngish man.          Ah, yes.

So, on our whirlwind tour, we alight in Paris.

Now, Jane, imagine, I know it's difficult.

Imagine a suite of rooms in a particularly gorgeous Parisian hotel.

It is upholstered with velvets and furs. Everything is sensuous to the touch,  

the best that this youngish man's money can buy.

It is a summer evening 

and there is perfume in the air.

The young man breathes in the scent of his lover,

musk and amber.

Her name is Celine Varens. She is very beautiful.

She is a dancer.

An exotic bird.

She dotes on him 

and he is passionately in love with her.

He's had a fortunate night gambling, 

and he waits for her now in anticipation of the dark,

intoxicating hours ahead. Are you still with me, Jane?

I am here, sir.

At last, he hears the sound of her return.

Only a few more seconds' wait until he sees her.

An eternity passes.

At that very moment...as I stood in the shadows, 

the green snake of jealousy bit into my heart.

Where is your beast of an Englishman tonight?

Gambling.

Someone else can look at his unpleasant face.

He is very presentable, really, 

for an Englishman.

&20,000 pounds make him very presentable.

She wasn't as clearsighted as you are, Jane.

You find me unattractive despite my wealth.

You do not know what it is to feel jealousy, do you, Jane?

Because you have no idea what it is to love.

You have no idea what it is to feel the very beat of someone's heart within one's breast.

No, sir.

Do you still love her, sir?

Who?

Celine? I mean, Miss Varens?

Good God, no.

No, I threw her out of the hotel room and I shot him...

...in the shoulder or some insignificant place.

No, when I saw what a wretched fool she had meddled with, 

I knew that she could never love me. 

That's obvious, surely.

And Adeld?

She left her in the hotel when she ran off.

Celine claimed that I was the father, but ...

 a fairly elementary study of biology would prove that impossible.

Tell me, Jane.

Is there anything about me that remotely resembles Adele?

Look at me carefully.

No, sir.

She left her in the hotel.l...

A parcel, a label on with my name.

What was I to do? Leave her there to starve?

I provided for her in France.

Then, a few months ago, it was necessary to bring her here.

She was not my responsibility, 

but I took her on just the same.

So, ...

as her guardian and your master, what do you think of my behaviour, Miss Eyre? 

Did I do the right thing??

It was the right thing to do, wasn't it£¬Jane?

Yes, sir.

Go away, Pilot.

Pilot, go back to your master.

Who is there?

Hello?

Hello?

