The story begins here on the bus 144 which same route i took every day

But today was different 
something is about to happen athat will change my life forever

First let me tell you what happened before all this

Santa Rosa - California - in 1957

I do not have many friends growing up

Just me, my mom, my dad and 16 farmers

I lived a simple life but sometimes the simplest things are the best things

Like winning the national graduation

I fall in love with Manzi, the most beautiful girl I ever see

Can you just tell me you change your mind

I can not do that baby, i already listed

I promise I will be real quick, i'm going there and take care my business, then i'll be right back

you have my words

Promise? - i promise -

Suddenly, things wasn't simple anymore

Between Briones Dong in 1967

I went to Vietnam to fight for my country, I  spent seven years there, six of them in the jungle

And the year was spent in torture

Is that all you got?

It also did not stay longer too

If you do not hit

Despite all that, the only things keep me going 
that i was gonna see Manzi again

mommy, I'm hungry..

I tried to apply for the Police Academy with my military experience

I feel lost, I no longer know what can I do

If any of you have experienced the work area in?

In fact, the experience I just graduated from high school and I joined the military to serve my country

I finished most of these

We do not appoint Wei graduated from the university before you think about your experience to exploit the work in the military?

In fact, conducted job vacancies

I feel that no one wanted to give me the chance of any

Ali had to create opportunities for me

Thank you, sir, I hope that God bless you, sir, how do you

What do you want? Htiro 1? With tomato sauce and mustard sauce?

A beautiful day, is not it?

Like, more like the others, you

For God bless you, good day

I took the opportunity was lost to me

But life Tosni beaten from time to time

Until that day, the evil Ousatna prominent

How are you?

You are, O old man, do away with Vsacil

you, O people long, you deaf? I talk to you? Then from here before they smite thee

What Roakma Ttrkane only?

This charity? You are a brave old man, O is a call to the

I do not bother me then from the chair

you finished your dementia of the Old

There were empty seats in the back Ajlsa two and let him alone

Are you kidding me?

Do you fear not attempt the problem, invited me and my business -

Sausak beaten and you are sitting or standing, and you the decision you

Have you no sense

I said do not want Odharpkma

No longer something because it is from that day

Crushed

This beautiful

This man right bullying Miller), (Segou) Taalo here)

Let's see this Olqo.

An old man called criminals hit Balvetoh and give people hope

To the extent that they are wearing T-shirts to awareness and face

People begin to care about my situation

I became popular and started again, people have become Rafqata want

In fact, taking with them the police Astahboni in periodic

Become famous or otherwise

Hmaho foreigners who are unfamiliar

(The people see you as a hero, Lord (Vega How do you feel about it, especially at your age?

Oznin not a hero, I'm just a citizen trying to get $ 500 a week to be able to feed themselves

(You must be proud of a son, you, O woman (Vega - of course I feel proud of -

I was always proud of him, he always diakungi to help others, and my children are proud

I love you, baby, come on go go go - Stop, Mom -

Let me kiss you that cereal

I do not like out of the blue - My Aziz's son -

After three months

"Praise aware of the religion"

For - everything will be fine -

Everything will be fine I scream

Arahmha to God

I donate all my accounts and bank to the angels Ersdta Welfare Foundation

And dear to my son (Frank), I left you on my death my house and my jewelry and my items

Hello, why? - (And of course leave you dog lovers (Baxter -

Did you steal home, I (Vega)?

Looks like brokers Oktther

Condolences on death of mother

Friends in the police department to send their heartfelt condolences to you - I appreciate you this -

Way to see this?

I do not know my face so well and I -

If you need anything call me

Thank you, scream

Contact me

Bullying?

What all of these bear funds?

It Mketbta contents - book content? -

This magazine for prostitutes, that what you mean?

Aajk Is this hot?

Lost in the night - only two types of options -

I always forget something Do you have beer?

You are responsible for the beer, and I am responsible for entertainment

Sure is here where

Can not be said that he had lived in a house filled with dry

What horror, this is enough stock for the year

Yes, Thank you, mi

I ran as soon as I receive it, dashed

So, I see you did not defeat in your life - seems to me like a prostitute -

They also try to Igoaúa

It is not known for not making this dreaded army soldiers in dirty appearance

This is because the heavy weapons carried by the back and forth

Talking about a damned heavy weapons

After ditkautangani on my nose and my nose no longer find a place jades

Manama we have here?

Why not gamble on them now

It is better to Aaudo Treasury again - and what they do there? -

So, will retire only to them and I cried

No, friends, Sacherbhm simplicity

Like his father

His father, his father was a good man

Thank you, screaming - for what? -

I support you

I mean, you will always be what you side you and a friend

I mean in the sense of each word to remind - you have a friend who I -

You have saved my life, I owe you

You know, I see a huge change coming at me and live your life my friend.

I believe the words of this - we have a long life -

Thadtna always for the best days of your life while I wait Vlszlt best day in life I

Forty years passed as if they lost time in the match

Yes, I think that the game Ttroy

And I should take the initiative to seize this opportunity to

You must find the best days in my life - burn the best day in my life -

Assadna known to put this in the capital safe, please

What is this?

Firmware? - Yes, I have something very important -

Otgad computer thing - good at many things, and you Saalmha -

No, I'm not interested in these matters

One day, you need to give the old habits

No, they remember the time I was pretty

What is the horrific events?

Almtfjron bombers and aircraft Mokhttafoa

There are so many things in this world cursed

This is the world now, and we need to enjoy the events of this century

I will make my mission from now on

So keep this in a safe mother, just - well -

Also

I carried cigarettes, went out to buy

I have a good mother smoking in the kitchen - do not smoke this shit, I have a special type -

Do not be lost, friends I

Pay attention to-drink heavies

(Toast (Sebastian

Hello

Where do you think you will (Sebastian)? Where are you hidden?

Pain have a mobile phone?

See ya scream, I have a ring on this finger to prevent me from using mobile

Zklk What do you think, man - it was joking, you enter the field of action now? -

Learn what we want

We give what we want - I really forgot, I do not remember -

Will not tell us where you put or cold? - I have this damn thing with me, my friends -

Has forced us to drive the hard way

I leave it screaming, the police must come to go, man, come on

Let us go

(Hello, yes I (Frank

Frank Vega), you can register for burial permit this?)

You are a man who was on the bus, right? - Yes, I think that -

Not repeated elsewhere, is not it? - I am not a man of violence -

Sorry for the death of your partner - they Stqdon foam killer, it is true -

We will do our best

Woe and 50 dollars

Way to forgive me, I do not have two dollars - Do you see tkau prohibited Arthrosis? -

I mean, I live in the neighborhood and Samer you then me and the rest

I can not let you do this, I have no cash at all

I could not bear the lack of price if I forget to come to me by

One does not move, quickly finished the contents safe, come on

Hey, hey, play on yourself, man - Do you say things that your old man? -

Why do not you leave, according to? - Do not allow any Ptozabihi 1 Dear old -

Mr. (Vega), lamented the death of a friend you - Thank you -

My brother was killed two buildings after the death of a friend

I'm sorry to hear that - if we would not be safe in our neighborhood -

No one is doing anything about it - the police do everything they can -

Damn, we want to help real fucking Vololik always hesitate

Sorry, my child

(To God bless you, God (Vega - (Thank you, goodbye I (Liz -

Why continue to drink this filth? Is the official drink (Chuluu)?

I used to drink all the books without discrimination

Why not choose something to fit this filth?

Damn, you are a bully who was on the bus, right?

For - I have Ibranhma form -

But you do not seem to me so strongly that melkau Allaanin

you know, young people, should be a lot to become a truck driver - what are you talking about? -

What are you talking about you?

Is everything okay here? - To -

Order - if admitted to the house -

What is the neighborhood

Must come into the midst of this evening

Way to accompany me in the Journal? - Not tonight -

Do you deny the request for the law to you?

I will do such nonsense? - Yes, I can take note of psychology -

This bottle - my priority now is -

This liquor store, do not hit Bdonk fools - they fucking -

(Yes, I know you (but if Frank continues like this he will play hurt

The problem is Tlahakna - Yes, I understand, I see that -

Keep away from all problems to

Did you kill my friends from Gedo after?

They work in

you know how long the investigation of crime such as murder, you must be patient

This did not seem convincing to me - I promise I will keep the case -

Samer you to come with me tomorrow in the journal (I will not accept the excuse, O (Vega

(Are all in our power, God (Vega - this is not enough -

I fear that all in our power - to Okintm Ttoanwa Similarly, if the deceased person is white? -

Are you accused me of racism, God (Vega)? - To -

What I was not aware of India - just a wolf dressed in pregnancy Bzh

You are part of the system - see, I understand that (Washington) is a friend -

Do not let your feelings encountered in our work, okay? Ostaznk now I have to work I do

Memkaungkan type

Probably from a pistol with 15 rounds treasury - Is it sold recently? -

No, my man, this is the only weapon gang

Difficult to see the weapons

Have one sees in parts - all gambling Naudi in bkaur -

Try to Taatakl in this matter

This beautiful jewelry

I will give you $ 50 price for the

Fifty dollars? - Do not -

I think it was the women who come to church

It is the members of girl group - Do you think this series for him? -

Maybe her husband, she Negro good luck to you in finding

Learn where to find? - Live at the distance of two buildings of this trend -

(Thank you, (Conner

See, people need to be careful there are a lot of stupid meet

How can I help you? - Is your husband here? -

Who are you? - My friend, and I had forgotten these days -

Say (O Muhammad) for a boy who fell that he had a wife and three children who are waiting to return home

When is the last time I see him? - Two weeks ago -

Friends told me they saw him play basketball here and there throughout the

The children cried to go back (to their places) and play basketball

I know you are hungry, I'll get something to you

You know, I need to go, but if you have bastards, tell him to be intimate with the same

Have any of you know where I found (Terence)? - Ask your mother, his penis must indeed this morning -

Give me the ball bitch you - I will ask Rrma recently, where I found (Terence)? -

What do you think yourself, give me the ball beat Sausak or you know -

I can not hear what I say Way again?

This Otsedkon crazy fuck?

Wait, man, you play - Where is he? -

I do not know, he went to the dirty work

I know that he has a residence in the bkaur - where all bkaur? -

Request (the supplier), he knew where he apartment

Thank you guys, I appreciate your help Thank you all

This is a stroke of luck

Dad, I'm sorry, I do not know you a priest, why hacking into the apartment I am, stupid -

Waiting, waiting, playing on my own friends.

(In which (Bernardo - I can not answer you -

I do not know, the right of Christ to see the room where it is not

Are you trying to kill me? - Imam are you? -

I am not a pastor, I play the role of priest in the musical theater team and mercy, through the training session

Where (Bernardo)? -, And -

Go to the Scorpio bar I swear to you that there will be general

Good, you play a priest terrible man

Mozvina directed to work cleaning the environment before you start in this transaction

Can not risk my political future for a while

This Manmk

I will not allow the destruction of 30 years work - do not worry, everything will be destroyed -

We do not have any gaps in our plans, it is very easy and under control

Do you think that this makes me feel better?

I have the election campaign after 90 days, and must have all of my supporters in the streets

I assure you that there is no problem, I have the existing road is a problem that you cheat -

There is a problem for the sample because they failed

Get rid of this man before you talk about Tmonta

We have some internal problems in Asaptna

But I guarantee it will never happen again - not -

Because if it happens, I will finish Fajdmtk

This is just the beginning will have a lot of work here

That suspension is feared around and beat everyone to expand

Bullying - sorry? -

Bullying, so they call - interested in what they call? -

This worries me greatly feared - it only points to take revenge, let me -

Will not worry about it, because the money that I give you a reward that should do what you need

Clean up the mess and I mean to do now

We are finished here

Refrain from sending messages to my long-Nash

And the speech of those smiley faces?

Managing chaos

Madam, let me help you - this is good that many of you -

Give me a key, this car can you? - Thank you, -

How are you guys?

It is feared Dzaúk O

We kill the dread - to -

Are you okay? Miraculously, no one man makes me 45 years -

Are you hungry?

You all I have now, my children, you and I just

Yes, you and I just

How did you fear the situation? - I do not favorite two kinds of Negroes Alhakaran -

Tell me something, how to live without the funds?

We have a money transfer company is what happens when your business career change

With you talking about? - (Woolas) -

Why? - (Display Television, (and Orlas -

Damn, he pointed out the work for this family and now you complain

In exchange you do not stop the dread of your money on prostitutes, why? Are Stdharbna here?

Crushed you, not feared not to work?

It is better you do not come back here because I will tell you in the house bitch -

you bleed

Are you okay? - For I am fine -

No I'm not okay

I think I'm fine, thanks - I'm not okay -

I have some first aid, let me Oaaljk at home, do not you see your child appetitive

Keeping this in 20 minutes of cuts - why? Are you a doctor now? -

No, my mother is a nurse and taught me how to treat minor wounds

I have worked in the Medical Corps in Viacnam

Do you want a Tcherbah or erosion? - No, actually, I was fine -

I had dinner in the kitchen this delicious good for you, but really thank you -

We are fine - I mean it's not food, the children -

Food, but really - you see, what you know about the child eat? -

I love food, but I can not eat

I think that perhaps one day you cook something to eat

I like it ... you know I will get a

No, the ice cream is my enemy - Do not worry it is free of fat -

Has no calories - Did you say ice cream -

Do you live in the darkness of the past?

Stop the gross behavior

Damn, this is nothing more beautiful than I that Ahdhartaha

Dear boy

Woe to my mother, but the skills you - Yes, and you have not raised -

Sorry, you can tell me where I find one of you (Bernardo)?

I know you think, you said this stranger who asks? (It is important for me, I need to find (Bernardo

You are a bully - not exactly -

To see how much you bully

It does not need to be so completely? To see -

Calm down, go from above Hanti Bernardo

Thank you for your assistance, I am grateful for this

What is this person? - (I wanted to ask about a friend (you Geralds -

you will not have time for it

What are you doing, man? - If possible, I was not a problem -

I want to know where it is

Unless you tell me what I want, I will let you know that from here

Fuck off

I am serious in my claim - well, okay, okay -


That's all I know, Arjni of the room now - Refer to your own self -

You fool, do not comment here Ttrcnama

I apologize for that, O Golo woman for him to include this in my account

Why do you talk or something? - What? I can not be ordered at my friends and salute him? -

Come, Come with me and catch the patrol car did not want me to play right? -

The right of Christ, enter the car

Wim Achtvaúk? - The new conditions of life -

Really? I have seen what happened let not talk about it -

They say that you leave the blood in every place you go from bkaur

Perhaps they are mixed between me and each other - (Frank) -

Head of Department is Siatqlk, ethnicity and so on - Iatqlna what? To do the job? -

Taatqom not need to work, but you need to switch

Parking lot - why? -

Parking

I know you are trying to advise me, but I can not sit and watch the fools are not paid by my friends killer

Move away from what you have to do, otherwise you will not be able to help you next time

I do not want to help you

you have a concern to us - what is it? -

USB stick, a fool who took him from us - who explained to me I do not know -

Small storage device stores information from your computer, where they are?

Enough is enough - O the dread -

What is hell?

Call me next time before the

I shouted hello - hello Ftiy me, Hala Vlachta inspect the contents,

Strange, this map bkaur

Bkaur budget

What is hell?

(I want to massage with (Tatiana - well -

I tell you this is my first thread in my life - the promise it would be better -

you have a good way to be convicted - Do we know each other? -

Sorry? - I Tlaptna must be the name you know I -

I was looking for someone - who? -


Do you know anything about him? - Do not -

I remembered that I had another customer waiting here a little

Have you lost your keys?

Azrou love me, can I? - Tatiana) among female friends)? -

Yes, six months ago really looks like you're trying to invasion -

I like surprises, this is her birthday gala - Hala little, I wanted to know who I will call the fire -

Are you a bully?

I admire you very, beat you to the people is priceless, you are appointed for a strong bass

Well done - I appreciate that, I will Ostaznk -

Continue to teach the lessons of criminals, a friend of me, I love people like you

Also

Know that (Tatiana) remains an open back door, right? - Yes, yes, right -

Thank you

What is this?

my friend (Washington) How did you kill him now loyal to death, O cursed?

Fuck you - and -

What are you doing, stupid - this is a little Saalm -

Do not kill your partner - who did it? -

Sebastian) to kill him, do what is commanded only) - who has ordered you? -

I can not say - you must -

I can not say - and I respect that you meet -

(If (Pavar), it (Pavar

Where is it? - I do not know -

This is very bad, you Stltkh blood throughout the kitchen - well, I will tell you -

Sebastian) are aware of the place)

And where to find? - It's in the shop, the shop -

Thank you for helping me

I have a message from your wife, go and sleep with yourself I hope you are fine

Thank you - you are welcome -

I told you not to do this again I have enough, coming from my life -

Mkaut ahtermana damned - Fuck you -

Cursing at me? - To -

I will not do

What are you doing in my house?

What are you doing in my house? - If possible, I was not a problem, let alone the only -

Do Tdhadjaan long?

Exit O feared.

Not entitled to this family or any family - Well -

Sheaf of purpose and leave you here - well, okay -

Want this bitch? Is for you

Are you okay?

Thank you - everything will be fine -

I'm sorry - not Tasfa -

Where (Martin)? - Exit to the house of a friend -

Do Cetkona okay?

Are you all right? I mean, you look exhausted

No sleep and I am also tired of what Neil did not sleep only

Did not go to sleep, and when you wake up will prepare you to eat something good?

Petya did not eat a whole 20 years ago

I look at NICA, right? So, you bring me flowers -

Thank you, and this is a neck scarf worn by

you know, this passion, I feel peace in the park, and I feel really happy

Like my mother, my dear are in love with the beautiful trees Aldaúq always like

I'm sorry, this analogy is not eligible

you do not, the method has a spontaneous beauty

This is certainly

Can I keep this?

Course - I like very Memorabilia -

Now every time I would think this, I will remember this moment

I think this time has become truly beautiful

This is very good because they have been prepared by my mother

Thank you - thank you, I cook for men who appreciate that -

Not married?

Sorry this is not Honni - there is nothing wrong, I am a great girl? -

Is different, and it is interesting and fun and fit in (Martin), and we decided to get married

(Elite (Martin - (elite (Martin -

Znntek bkaur visiting lunatic giant that developed in the form

I do things that I regret

What I mean I do not know that behind this man full of compassion and gentle, and good

A man with a sensitive heart

Otalimn, I do not think I'm a good man or so - you really are a good man -

We have sent me Mrs. destroyed early, sweets

This qualitative favorite Tdawana not? - Good -

I understand that the celebration on the computer - any party hell? -

It's like a gathering of people in which the parties share a modern Oahaafatty not?

Can not be you do not know? No person on this planet without Hiab on Facebook

E-mail address will be recorded, so if you send a friend request to e-alert Faisalk

Never means that someone will ask my friends?

For this to see Albzh Kpzh Goodwill Ambassador

Otmzh, this dress is good, my clothes do not look after the lowly maintained by generation

Yes, in this way indirectly say, you fall Akrhina

You seem to be a fugitive from civil war

So, what do you think Bmkothe ​​in the house has no doors?

I will come and set the equipment in the morning, you both can live in my house now

No, (Frank), we can not do that - but you two can do this -

I think you do not Sthabay overnight in the house has no doors

I can not believe this nonsense, you have 50 friend requests and requests to

I feel I no longer need the clothes

Open it, called firmware - to learn his name, what is it? -

Confidential information and very important reason is the death of my friends

Why do not I as a coffee? - I have other things to attract them -

What do you (Frank)? - Is there anything I can not be managed -

Done enough, let's take instructions from here - (Do not let others see this one, and be careful (Baxter -

Frank)?)

SA bended Daddy I did not confess the sins of my father since the death of me

Forgive me for mutiny - please tell me your sins, my child -

I live a violent and arrogant

But I am to do something on this night will not send me the Garden

What is this, my child?

Revenge for my brother

Looking for something that you scream? - (Ibbges (Panther -

It wants to see? - Tell him (Vega) would like to see -

Frank Vega) and Balvetoh known)

Melkau men everywhere

I was waiting for my friends.

You are very popular today

Very cool

But it looks like you're caught in a trap that you can not escape from it

Friends kill me - you talk as if I was wrong here -

Sergna friends, and I pay my wages to meet and punished for treason

I think now you have something for me, give me a USB stick

Why? - USB stick (Vega), give me a USB stick -

What is the USB stick?

Tools-inches long, used to store data from a computer

Yes, I remembered I left it in the ass, you

Wake up, yes scream Are you feeling better now?

(Here, the old memories will come back, O (Vega

Let us restore to you few days of your youth

Let us try an amazing

What is the recovery of memory not you think so?

Let me explain to you, that the USB stick is very important details of the agreement to bkaur

It will bring good to this society, people, and you are such a strong will to serve his Baaadtk

Will be provided if the work of smuggling gangs and Manatahat work at the national level, from your account Fdna

Let us return to our subject in which the original condemned USB stick?

It's in your ass

Do what you need you stupid? - Damn, I had electrical Sakk to stop the heart -

Friends you are like you, he will foundling

Let the energy level of the highest rates Nassagah Cuba shocked African elephant

Let Nfikh, come on

Frank), where the USB stick?)

Good, I would say

It ...

This is actually in the ass, you

I am no longer the possibility of this

Atna portfolio

Fuck you live in the same neighborhood - do not try and waste your time -

What did you say? What do you have?

Do you have a mistress there are O (Vega)? In this case I will go there and not lose

(This is the end Asrk O (Frank

Respect to you, I'll kill you as champion

No need to take the

What is happening? - Get out of here -

What are you doing?

Buses

I need to take Hafeltk It's a matter of life or death

You are a bully, right? Take it to you, scream

I am beautiful, I love you, man

Take the bus

Far from the road

Damn

In here you will, O dreaded

I want to win, right?

I'm sorry

Damn

(I am here to take revenge for my friends (and Klkau Ashtntn

you are in the area, how you want the death of you bastards?

To do

What do you think this child, O bitch 1?

What is this? Znntna we kill you fool - you feared, they do not want to die -

This is to change now

Your right, Erhmona - you know how melkau our lives? -

Because we have a reason to ridicule removed from brotherhood - so that his mistress, his emigration -

Yes, our lives have changed for the chaos - but all this is to change -

Yes, Let, we describe the film ready? Action

Can not stand to wait to see this movie on the Internet

O beautiful prostitute

Who are you? - Do it the easy way to do wrong, -

In which the USB stick? - I do not know what is talking -

I do not know anything about the memory stick - if the hard way, I will cut off your head -

you bastards

Are you ready to beat the stick - Come and show me what you have -

Come on it, show me what you have (from the bullies now? Complete your order, O (Frank

No, but his reign ended, you bastard

Beware of the cursed bitch intervention

What do you think now you bastard?

Are you okay? - For I am fine -

I am not a woman saving

Learn to always help my feet

I'm glad you okay - I was fine -

See ya (Frank), you're bleeding everywhere - I was fine -

I have some first aid, perhaps now I Oaaljk

you really Ousath form

To call an ambulance

To call an ambulance

Perhaps they had learned the name of the bully, who had rescued bearded old man in a public bus

And become overnight internet mania

Have revealed the largest in the history of political skkaul land (involving Datuk Bkaur (William

With a more serious organization that neurotic in the United States

Do you have a comment? - I have allergies Mfiqin professional -

To prevent me from carrying out a political program and assured that I shall be with the not guilty charge

What is your relationship with the organization neurotic? - I give my assurance Sabro, that's all I have -

Because sufficient effort, and history in Viacnam has appointed an honorary police officer this morning

Congratulations, long overdue, friends, I - I have been appointed and will start work immediately on the scene -

I do not know what to say, I have been waiting for this for over 40 years

(I am very proud, and I would like to thank the officers (Malarc

If you have a passion? - And what's wrong with that, yes, I have two -

And will be divided into three early next week - really? -

How I can be responsive to you and embrace in order Habibath? - Have tortured -

Oodk who tortured him more, I want more information

You can not interfere in these things that men only

I hope that people are hungry - hungry Ntazavr -

Otalman? I think I finally have the best day of my life

I think it is better to shave your beard is condemned

Martin), it does not become you to say this) - I just Hzptha -

I do not see that
