movie info: DIVX  720x404 23.976fps 680.1 MB
/SubEdit b.4072 (http://subedit.com.pl)/

To the mind that is still the whole universe surrenders - Lao Tzu

The unexamined life is not worth living - Socrates

You can not solve a problem from the same level of consciousness that created it - Albert Einstein

There is more to life than increasing its speed - Mahatma Gandhi

For thousands of years mankind has searched the world for meaning, happiness and contentment.

We've looked at the stars.

We've dug into the past.

We've turned to science.

We've looked for it in each other, and we've looked for it in our toys.

but still for most of us the search has been unfulfilled.

The key to happiness has remained elusive.

No matter who we are or what we do, most of us feel we're held back by something.

Whether it's stress or self doubt, anxiety, depression or addiction.

Financial worries or health concerns.

Negative feelings about our bodies, our relationships, our past experiences.

This all is based on belief that we are separate.

Which creates a feeling that we're not enough as we are.

We need something more to feel whole.

We need more money, more power, more drama, more drugs, more food.

We believe that we need to consume the world in order to be.

And that feeling that I’m not enough as I am is incredibly detrimental to our lives, and this Earth we share.

But what if we could actually stop the madness. Live in this moment.

And let go of our limitations.

What if you had a tool that could simply, quickly, easily and effectively transform your life.

It's not about changing who you are.

It's about letting go of the things that appear to be in the way.

Letting Go.

Right now the world is at critical turning point.

If we continue to do what we've done up until this point.

We'll continue to get results, that none of us are happy with.

But it doesn't have to be this way.

All over the world people like you, and me, are waking up to the truth of who we are.

And this film is one of those ways.

It's a way for you to have love and peace and joy in your life.

And it's a way for us all to work together to bring about a better world.

When I found this method I said: This is amazing, because anybody can experience,

what I now know people try to achieve over their whole lifetime.

It didn't take me hours of meditation, relaxation, sitting somewhere

to get in a state of peace.

It allowed me to finally come to some peace.

I'm so fortunate .... to be free,

to be free.

It just feels great to not worry anymore.

That's what SEDONA method gives you.

The freedom to let life be as it is.

It changed my life.

Are you feeling overburdened by your life?

Do you feel like you have a little excess baggage?

Are you ready to let go?

I think it's time.

The SEDONA method is made up of a group of very simple and powerful tools.

And one of this tools is called welcoming.

Welcome - to greet or receive in a polite or friendly way.

To let go of the need to control or possess something.

In other words, what welcoming is, is simply allowing whatever your feeling to be in this moment.

But that's not what we usually do.

What we usually do is we usually push life away.

We hold our feelings back.

And when we do that they bow us over.

But if we do what's counter intuitive.

If we just simply open and allow our feelings to flow.

They pass right through us, and there's no place for them to stick.

And we'll be exploring a very specific
3 part process we call Triple Welcoming.

So let's explore it together.

Step one is welcoming the issue: the thoughts, the feelings, the beliefs, the memories,

Anything that's holding you back.

Step 2 is welcoming all your wanting to do something with it.

your wanting to fix it, you wanting to change it,

you wanting to control it, wanting to hold it close, or push it away,

Any attachment or aversion.

And step 3 is welcoming any sense that it's personal.

That it's about you, or who you are.

When you welcome any sense that it's personal, you find that whole thing naturally dissolves.

I welcomed  all the feelings, all the sensations that comes with it.

I bring it all out. I feel like I trick it.

I trick all those into a little boat, that I have visioned.

And all of a sudden, all of the feeling are in there,

I just said Bye, Bye,  and they're gone.

Now lets explore triple welcoming together.

As you do releasing, know that you can do it with eyes open or eyes closed.

Both are effective.

And as you do releasing, as you let go  as you welcome what is,

Allow yourself to lead with your heart,

As opposed to your head.

Now allow yourself to think of a situation in your life,

that you've been wanting to change or improve.

Something with your relationships, something with your health,

Something with your money. Or something with the world.

And as you focus on this situation, could you allow yourself

to simply welcome, whatever thoughts, whatever feelings,

Whatever beliefs, anything at all associated with that particular issue.

Could you just simply open, and welcome, as best you can.

And could you also allow yourself to welcome any wanting to fix it,

Any wanting to change it, any wanting to improve it,

Any wanting to do anything at all with it.

any wanting to push it away, or hold it close.

any sense of attachment or aversion.

And remember, just simply do this inside.

Just simply open and relax, and welcome.

And could you also allow yourself to welcome, any sense, that it's personal.

That it's about you or who you are.

Any sense of identity.

Again remember, just do this inside.

And then could you just simply, Let Go.

you discover the treasure of who you are.

It's like you open the box and the treasure is here.

It has always been here, and it's an endless treasure.

there's no limit to the richness of it. And you feel like,

wow, you know, that's such a gift.

One of the best ways to learn releasing or letting go,

is by sharing the experience with others.

As you watch others going through this process.

It invites you gently, but powerfully, into your own experience.

Into your own understanding. So the best way to view this film

Is as though you're one of participants.

View this as an invitation to get actively involved.

Now of course, you can simply watch this film for entertainment.

And you'll be entertained, but there's a deeper promise here.

there's something that if you allow yourself,

to at least keep an open mind and an open heart,

This whole process can engage you at a level that can make a huge difference in your life,

I'm an author of text books,

I write, just finished 8th edition of textbook in critical thinking.

And I’m a mother, grand mother, and grand grandmother.

I followed many paths, had many forms of therapy.

When one is releasing it's moving out of the mind and the thought,

Often the folly of thinking into direct perceptual experience.

It's given me this excitement about finding stuck places in myself.

That I hadn't realized were stuck. And having tools for a way through.

Through releasing.

We filmed an advanced course in San Francisco,

and then we decided there were so much goodness there

that we just had to share it with the world

Everyone in this film, including myself, are ordinary people, just like you

who had found real lasting happiness, and are living their dreams

and they did this by simply using this simple, powerful and easy to learn technique.

That we're about to explore together

This film is an invitation for you to discover the truth of who you are

To let go of everything inside you, that's holding you back

And the key to all of this in my experience is letting go

and allowing yourself to be, that what you already are.

I'm a Vietnam veteran, and I was in Vietnam 40 years ago

This last year I was diagnosed with PTSD (Post Traumatic Syndrome Disorder)

and it made perfect sense that I've been angry for the last 40 years

irritable about what happened in that situation.

and I’ve suppressed it with alcohol, antidepressants and going to therapy.

nothing has worked to eliminate this irritability and anger that I’ve had inside me

about a month ago I stopped drinking I stopped taking anti-depressants

and I went to a Vet-Center and I said "I've stopped drinking and...."

the counsellor at the Vet Center said "Oh that's good, now you can let the PTSD come up"

The good news is that you now recognize that you have the PTSD.

He said that the bad news is that it will take another 40 years to heal

I don't wanna spend another 40 years having this PTSD or this anger heal

I've already spend 40 years with it.

About a month ago I started listening to Hale talk about releasing

and the different releasing methods,

and that's what I’ve been doing for the last month.

is releasing some of this anger, using some of the method to do that.

For me the Sedona Method has been helpful,

And what I'd like to say to other Veterans, it's a possibility,

it could help, it could help release some of the pain,

and anger, that's inside.

Those of you watching or listening at home do this with us,

Those of you here if you would pick up a pen or a pencil

So for the sake of this analogy, this object represents our unwanted emotions

it also represents our unwanted thoughts, our unwanted feelings,

our beliefs about ourselves.

and also all the roles, all identities that we've taken on for ourselves

And your hand represents your gut if you like, or simply awareness

So now take your hand, grip it tightly around the object,

now if we did this long enough it will start to feel really uncomfortable

and then really familiar, because this is what we do all the time with our emotions

now roll the object around in your hand.

Now is this object attached to your hand?

No, obviously not, but if you think about your relationship to your identities

and your emotions, we actually talk as though we are them.

When we're angry, what do we usually say?

I'm angry, exactly. When we're sad what we usually say: "I’m sad"

We actually believe that we are the emotion, that's actually what we believe.

Now when we take on this roles, and we take on this feelings as though

they are us, we forget that it's something that we're choosing.

We're holding on to it ourselves, so we can make a new choice

and we can get stuck, even in positive roles, positive identities.

but especially I think you can relate to the fact, that we all have all

this negative identities about ourselves, and negative beliefs, negative feelings,

that we've been doing this for so long, they feel like part of us

we can hardly move, and it’s kinda, we go through life like this,

we don't loose anything, you know, we're protecting them too.

if we have a particular role that we've identify with we're like this:

don't get anywhere nearer, especially if it hurts.

Did you notice what we do when something hurts:

we collapse around it, we go ughhhh, and then we're like this:

you not gonna get anywhere near my suffering,

How dare you even think of taking this away from me.

And that's all unnecessary.

That suffering that we go through, in order to protect our suffering is craziness.

So getting back to this analogy, because this isn't attached to us

We have this amazing opportunity to just simply do this:

close your hand lightly around this object, by the way please do this at home,

and just drop it.

Was that hard to do?

NO.

Some of you are giggling because it was so easy.

Well that's how easy it could be to let go of even

beliefs, identities, feelings that we've absolutely with certainty believed we've always been.

Beliefs about ourselves, or feelings that we've thought we never ever could let go of.

Could be let go of that easily by simply deciding to let it go.

The person we're about to see is dealing with issues that we all face.

We're all playing roles that no longer serve us.

they are holding us back.

And this is a way to be free of all roles.

And to choose to be your authentic self.

I always felt this incredible responsibility to

do well, be excellent,

just to do my very best,

to represent (in quotes) "my race".

Yes.

And then of course being a black male in this country.

I've always felt this awesome responsibility to kinda brake this stereotype

and I had this moment in November, where I thought to myself

Oh, this is great.

And then I had this other moment that went:

Oh what's my race on....... now.

I don't have to do this anymore. Right.

But I’ve always felt this responsibility, you know that I had to be The Representative.

or a representative of my race, and be a good one of that.

Yes.

So ahm, everything I did in my life that revolved around that, you know.

And it just feels like really heavy load that I'd like to let down.

but at the same time ammm, have some benefit to others.

Sure.

.......I mean I feel very fortunate I have a wonderful, wonderful wife.

I decided to get married for the first time in my life

And she tolerates me.

Yes, most wives tolerate us.

So I fell a little bit more tolerable.

Yes, yes, great.

So in this moment could you just welcome that memory and all the burden that comes with it.

And all the memories,

And all the beliefs

And all that pressure

And all the desire to fix it or change it, or control it or be free of it

Good.

And then all the sense that's who you are, that's personal

And then notice what's beyond all that.

So what's actually here now?

Does it..... Nothing.

It worked, again, it's working now.

So in this moment, do you need to play any role in order to be?

No.

No.

Isn't that a relief?

Thank you, thank you.

So I think you can see we all have one or two issues, that we need to deal with

But you may be wondering, how did we lose our way

If we're already whole and complete and perfect within ourselves

how did we get so confused?

Well it's actually quite simple

If you allow yourself to simply be open to what we're gonna explore next

I think it may ring some bells and open some doors,

and help reveal to you how we got ourselves into this mess.

What I'm talking about is just another concept,

I'm not saying this is the truth, right.

But, in my experience, what happens in the first couple of years of life,

the thinking mind is in development

and it's a learned behavior to even think that you are your name

It looks kinda like this, if that was Laura and this was daddy it would be:

Daddy

Laura

Daddy

Laura

And if you hear that for about long enough, maybe two years or so,

you start to believe you are Laura, or a Paula or a Tony

or whatever your particular body mind is called

it's a learned behaviour, and it's actually

we started describing the body in the third person

but in around two or two and a half it goes from

Laura’s toy, Hale's toy, or Josephine’s toy

or again whoever we're call.

to My toy.

and as soon as it becomes my toy,

we're willing to defend our toys with our lives,

it becomes like, we think it's all about me,

and then we spend the rest of our lives until we get tired of it,

what arises with that belief that I’m this

is that everything besides this is a threat

then one of the words that we use a lot is

NO, No no , no , no , no, no

and as adults we've just gotten perfected our No's

and we try to make them very subtle,

as you let go and discover the truth of who you are,

you don't loose the wisdom gained from experience,

but what happens is you loose all that excess baggage

that's accumulated around believing that you are just that

that separate me, that separate I

That can fall away

And it falls away through all different forms of releasing

And it falls away very rapidly as you discover it's just a learned behaviour

It isn't the truth, it isn't who you are

I was going through difficult times in my life,

am in terms of my marriage, and ................

I suddenly realized that the love that I’ve had been seeking

outside of myself was actually coming from inside.

And it was quiet a revelation.

And it was very much of relief.

And at that point I had gotten to knowing the marriage was in a lot of trouble.

And I was very concerned how my children are going to respond.

And I still remember what he said to me, I didn't even tell him much of a story.

He just looked at me and he said you know:

Could you let go of wanting to control your family's experience.

And that I really think was the beginning of what helped me start to release.

In our fast pace world, we're all so busy, we're all so plugged in,

That we become human doings instead of human beings

And that beingness is always right behind all this doingness.

And if you allow yourself to discover

that you don't need to be so caught up

In all the actions in life

there's a sense of flow, sense of ease

there's a sense of openness, and there's a sense of certainty

that reveals itself in action

and you can have this right here, right now,

and throughout your day

I can't believe I'm doing this

what's that?

Most of the people can't believe when there up there

It's like, my hand went up and I'm on the stage

Oh my god, what did I do?

Yeah, I'm in enough pain that I would like to be out

So Pain is a great  motivator

Yeah, I guess

Yeah, one of the things that keeps coming up

is my career, and what I do for a living

I've devoted a lot of my life to

and then on the very first day, when we did the pen

when I was grasping on to the pen it was my career

it was what I do for a living,

but it was really tight

Yes I can see even in your hand

you're a white knuckling it brrrraaaa

Don't you take that away from me, don't you even try kind of thing

and what's happening is, my body, there's been for the last year, or year and a half

my body is not, I don't know what is going on with it.

but it's not letting me have as much energy, to do as much as I have

so I'm not able to meet all the demands of my worklife

and my way of dealing with that is to push through this

Yes, to push right through this, and that's not working

and I feel like, I'm really trapped there

and here I am in this really expensive space

and I can expand it to so many other

but this area I hit I am just holding on

I would really like to be released from that Please If you could help me

Sure

By the way, I just wanna remind you and everyone else that

It may appear I'm doing something, but I'm not

the releases that happen, the recognitions that happens

all that unfolds here has nothing to do with me

So before we even go there, could you just welcome all the energy

that's arising in this moment

there's a lot of emotion arising

so could you just simply welcome it

good

and could you just do this inside

so in this moment can you actually find the one

who thinks they need to work in order to be

no

right

but what is here?

It's a very beautiful space

right, now check, are you separate from that space?

no

right

do you rent that space out at your job?

I am not getting any money for it.

No.

We rent bodies not the space.

One of the things that happens, as you do this exploration

as you recognize that what you are is that

what is changelessly present

that starts to become a little more interesting than that what changes

the only reason we miss it is because we're more interested

we think the juice is in the suffering

We think the juice is in the changing

and we believe in it

we believe in the changeful

and ignore that what is changeless

Yes, there's definitely element of that

the glamour, the drama, it feels very compelling

right exactly, and plus what else you're gonna talk about?

Mind also likes to have something to talk about

And there's not much to say about what you are

It is, beginning, middle, and end of the story

and even that's too many words

Cause that what you are is worthless,

is conceptless.

Thank you very much Hale,
Thank you!

As you allow yourself to open to welcoming,

what happens is you get a sense of flow

you get a sense of how life simply is happening

it's like a river, and it's always flowing through the now

and as you allow yourself to open to the river of life

it carries you where you need to go

and all those obstacles that you've been creating in your life

when you allow yourself to welcome the river

it simply flows through, carrying away whatever it is you don't need

most of us have a long list of beliefs

of what we think we are, what we believe we are

what other people told us about ourselves

all these things that you believe about yourself

are not actually who you are

as you discover that all this things that you learned about yourself

all these things that you believe about yourself

aren't actually real it's actually a relief

now I know that you already invested a lot of time and energy

in that particular identity that you think you are

so some of you at first may hesitate

seeing through all that work you invested

but what you find as you do this work

whatever time and energy and intent you invested

in that particular separate identity,

as you see through it, as you discover that isn't who you are

you'll get it back a million fold

because when you confine yourself to any particular identity

when you confine yourself to any particular point of view

what you discover is that you're murdering or eliminating or cutting of from

all other possibilities

But what you are right now is unlimited

there's nothing you need to do and Nowhere you need to go

in order to be that what you already are

I found a way to survive what was very challenging: Depression

I found a way to overcome some sabotaging thought patterns and behaviours

And I've had a good grace to be introduced to the nature of my mind

and that's something that is priceless

Most of us are carrying deep burdens from the past

it could be old losses, old traumas, even abuse

and it's such a heavy burden to carry

and the problem that we carry this burdens

is that we reexperience these past traumas over and over and over again

and the invitation here is as you let go you keep the wisdom that you gain from experience

but you get rid of all the pain, all the suffering

all the stuff that's preventing you

from fully living life and really moving on

I realized I had a lot of very difficult memories

am that I needed to let go, and I didn't know how to

I was experiencing very strong emotions like panic attacks

I found the way to be able to accept my feelings rather than reject them

and when you allow yourself to let go of what was

you discover the exquisite beauty of what is

When that one person dies slowly

And if that one person leaves behind a husband and maybe two daughters

that, I become wracked with pain

Sure, so is it here now?

It seems to be

Ok, so lets just start with the memory

there's all this memories about that whole time period

Yes.

And there's also a lot of pain attached to all the memories

Yes

But there's also a lot of sweetness

Yes, and sometimes when we have a mixture like that

we think we have to hold on to the whole package

because if we let go of the pain we're afraid we will lose the sweetness

I've seen this so often, where we get caught when we're grieving

is we believe that the grieve, the suffering and the pain

actually connect us to the one that we've lost

this is true when relationship brakes down, or someone dies

someone just simply goes out of our life

we are afraid to let go of the pain and the suffering attached to us

to the memories, because we're afraid we will lose the person

or we lose our love for them,

but in my experience the opposite is true

to the degree we're holding on to the pain or the suffering

we're cutting off from the love that we are

so in this moment, let yourself remember your wife

and can you feel just a little bit that love that you have for her

Yes

and could you just let it shine,

and then let it shine into all those memories

it's actually coming from here out and through

and if you let it it will start to dissolve all these things that

you've been carrying around

and you notice that it just gets stronger as It does it

as it consumes it at the flame of that love

try just one memory that's painful

Okay, done

and could you just welcome the memory

Aha

and then could you also welcome all your wanting to change it

all your wanting it to be different to the way that it was

and could you also welcome the feeling that it is personal

Yes,

you came up here wanting to let go something that you've been struggling for 20 Years

so now check in this moment, did you loose love

or is there a little more love available to you in this moment

a little, Yes

Yes, OK, so could you just welcome the love

Yes

and then could you welcome the remaining pain and suffering and memory

yes

the love itself if you allow it to will simply wash away all the rest of the memories

you don't have to sort through them, you don't have to remember each one

make sure you get every detail, it's not required

in this moment, there is this awareness

now the awareness itself is that personal or it just is

it is

right, and does it have any boundaries

no

right, and does it have even a beginning or an end?

no

right, now was she separate from that?

no

is what you are separate from that?

no

right, so there's no personal center there,

was there one in her

that I started to realize just a second

We live in a highly addicted society

most of us have addictions that we don't even realize we have

we can be addicted to food, we can be addicted to drugs,

we can be addicted to alcohol

but we also get addicted to our stories, to our suffering

to whatever it is that's holding us back

but there's an invitation to allow yourself

to let go of whatever you run on automatic

wherever you become addicted to something besides the truth of who you are

and when you let go of addictions,

it doesn't mean that you can't enjoy the same things that you were enjoying before

but you can do it in a new way

free of addiction,

free to do it or not do it

and free to discover what's beyond all addiction

So do you have a particular habit in mind?

Yes,

Okay

I habit of using food for comfort, for energy, to calm things down,

to excite things up, pretty much for many reason

right, most of us have all purpose relationship with food

no limitation

right no limitation, well it's extreme limitation but...

yes that's great.

well in this moment could you just welcome that memory,

see right now are you using food for anything

no

right

so could you just welcome that whole memory

of how you used food for many things besides just simply supporting the body

yes

and could you just welcome the whole memory?

yes

okay, and could you also welcome any feeling of wanting to be controlled by food

yes

OK, good, and could you welcome too any wanting to get rid of the memory, your wanting to change it

yes

good, and then could you welcome any sense that that's about you or who you are.

Yes

Absolutely, yes

when we have a lot of memories associated with particular tendency

there is the sense of "all those memories must belong to somebody

right and I think because there is a sensation that arises

in you know ...I’ll be sitting here and I feel tired

and sensation comes up like "Eat something"

right

everyone's related to this very well

and going through my day working on the computer and get stressed out

it’s actually sensation "eat something", well that's a thought

but it kinda arises as bodily sensation

absolutely

and so everytime that happens it reinforces the memory

right, but non of that is happening now, right?

right

ok

so, that, all those memories could you simply welcome them

yes

and then could you welcome the rest of the sense that those memories are who you are

Yes

right, could you welcome that sense of having constructed whole identity

around your relationship to food

yes

now check, do you need that identity to be?

no

so If this arises again just simply notice it and welcome it

notice the sensations notice the sounds in your head

"Oh, time to eat, what can I eat?

what should I eat now?

we all have our favourite right there.

"CHIPS"

and the body goes "OK"

"Whatever you say"

so, when that comes up, or as that comes up you just let it be there

and you may a few more times eat the chips

but if you fight eating the chips you'll just eat more

everyone in this room has experienced that too

"Ohh! I am not gonna eat this!"

"Ohh I'm really gonna stop"

but if you simply welcome that phenomena, you let it be there

what happens is very quickly it starts to dissolve

and you may go through the pattern few more times

and then it just start to drop away

and be open to the possibility that it will never come up again

ok, great, thank you

all of us tend to have this self imposed limitations we've put on ourselves

and this work helps you let go of this limitations

and when you put another one on yourself

you could recognize that it's just a story

and, and learn to let it go

once you learn these tools it helps you to become liberated

this really given me some basis stand on that I am here and only here

and that the story is gonna play itself out,

I don't have to play it out in my mind

Tried it and did it with my kids 9 year old and 11 year old

Enerke and Maria, and seeing the results on my kids was just overwhelming

I started crying I said this is powerful stuff

Anyone can do it and it's really something that has been transformational to me

as you been experiencing what we've been exploring so far

you may be wondering whether or not you can do this

you also may be experiencing some push or pull inside

that too is completely part of the process

even though it's simple we don't always make it easy

we highly complicate everything that we do including this process

so here's a humorous look at what we all do when we're not letting go

we all have this coping mechanism or compensations for emotions

but this what we're doing

I'm gonna stand up to do this so everyone can see

yeah

and you know....

that takes a little effort so could you just do this inside

just open

ok

Yeah it feels better

right, exactly, that's a little key

the mind lies to us, it tells us that if we let the emotion up we're gonna be a basket case

but most of us are walking around with one foot in the basket all the time

and we wonder why we trip and fall a lot

because we're so busy juggling the emotion believing that

if we just let it up and let it go

it's gonna be worse

that's what the mind tells us,

and sometimes that's even what society tells us

but it's never true

As you let go one of the things you'll notice

is that you laugh a lot more and a lot more easily

you'll also notice that when you release

it's accompanied by laughter

cause laughter is already one of the natural ways that all of us let go

I think the main thing that I have learned

is that the truth is that you don't have to understand

or comprehend, that the most perfect

and the most grater things is the emptiness that we have

that's like perfect, there's nothing more to it

and that the trick of life is accepting that is nothing more in life than that is now

what you'll find that as you let go

as you discover the truth of who you are

you'll find that you naturally and effortlessly think more positively

and so what happens is as you let go and allow yourself to be what you already are

the mind gets quieter but you also discover that there is this

wonderful quiet with the mind

you let the mind think whatever it does

and by allowing the mind to simply do it's own thing

and not taking it personally

it seems to write itself

it seems to naturally create more and more positive

and the less you effort at this

the more you allow it to be natural

the simpler it is

and if you allow yourself to be open to what is

you find that it's very friendly, it's very compassionate

it's very loving, and there's enough for everyone

most of us live in a sea of "If only"s

If only we had more money, better relationships,

more toys, then we would be happy

but if you haven't already notice when you postpone your happiness

when you want something instead of having it you never seem to get it

what you discover as you let go is that most of us have

the way we live with life backwards

we think we don't have what we want because we haven't wanted it enough

but the exact opposite is true

the more you let go of wanting the more you feel like you have and the more you manifest in life

because want does not equal having

want is a feeling of I can't have it or I don't have it

and when you can see that and let go of wanting the more you discover

you can have it all

I've been doing the Sedona Method for 2 years now

and prior to the Sedona Method everything in my life was all about wanting

I wanted control, I wanted more money I wanted more success

I wanted, everything was wanting wanting wanting

and things I wanted my whole life I've been never able to accomplish

even though I had quite a few accomplishments

but no the big ones that I really really wanted

and am so just to share with everybody else

by releasing all of that wanting, Constantly

I am now manifesting things that were beyond my imagination two years ago

so it's just profound

and I've made a lot of money because I'm very driven guy

and totally goal oriented and all that

but now I’m making more in a month than I would in a year just a few years ago

and yet it doesn't matter to me because I'm released on it anyway

you're a living example of how when you let go you gain more with less effort

you've been suggesting less and less
over the time we've known each other

and gaining more and more with less and less effort

and that's normal

we don’t realize it's normal because we're so busy doing something else

and then the other thing is that
We do support people on working on goals

what you're doing is you're setting a clear intention

and then you are consciously inviting
 up all the thoughts and feelings

to the contrary and you're letting them go

and what you notice very quickly is all of the sudden you can see and feel and hear

the goal already being accomplished

and so all that unlimited energy that you are is flowing in that particular direction

It's ironic I think I've had actually more success since I started letting go

of wanting the success

I used to take a lot of action steps, and there was a lot of doing

and pushing and forcing and try to make things happen

and this second I just let that all fall away

was when things just started miraclessly showing up

Life just flows to me now, life just happens

a lot of people refer to me and say ??????? you're so damn lucky

I say you know luck has nothing to do with this,

luck is when opportunity and preparation collides, they meet each other

as you let go and open to the truth of who you are

you get all this little tickles inside that are really fun

but you may get confused, you may think that you have to live life differently

and that may or may not be true

what you discover, as you let go is that life goes on

but it goes on from a very different perspective

you have greater ease, greater Joy, greater happiness

and you know no matter what's happening around you that all is well

So I feel fabulous,

and

I'm having these questions now

yes

the only things that are on the agenda are getting in a car and driving back to where I live

and

then what?

I really like the way I feel

9 of 10 things that were on my to do list before I left home

I've already mentally crossed of the list coz I don't care any more

Okay

you just wonder around like this?

Does that question doesn't even make any sense?

Of course, it actually does.

This is something that I'd like to point out to all of you

this is what the mind does

as you start to discover what you are the mind wants to turn that into something

special, meaningful and important to

and it thinks that the externals need to change

nothing needs to change in order for you to be what you already are

and the Joy, The Bliss, The Relaxation, The Knowingness

all those things that most of you are experiencing in this moment are what's natural

It's what's always been here

and life doesn't stop, life continues

what stops is creating suffering

that works for me

good

Okay

I had the privilege that I have been born in a country

where I was very much exposed from a very young age

to Sufis and poets like Rumi and Huffet

we talked about all of the stuff that we talk about here at Sedona

suddenly it just became very clear

without really any effort, that you really don't need to go outside of yourself

to look for the answers

finally I got myself a tool to be able to stay in the now

and it's lovely

I'm a different person, I know I am, I mean I feel it internally

I have had 4/5 of my dearest closest friends

have actually told me in the last 3 or 4 months

it's just profound the changes that have taken place in my life

I’m a completely different person that I was 3 or 4 years ago

things don't seem like work any more

things are just like a project, there just fun

and I like that

I never imagine that I’ll could be making the kinds of radical

once would have been terrifying changes in my life,

and there's no fear any more

as you let go one of the things you'll notice

is that your heart opens and you're filled with compassion

you're filled with love, you're filled with caring

both for yourself, your friends, your relatives

and the whole planet, and this will naturally move you into action

you'll do more to help your fellow man

you'll do more to help the world,

and you'll do more to help yourself

there is this Hope for myself personally

and for the Planet,

and what help I can give to the other people

I work as a hospice chapel

so I was looking for some more tools

to work with people with different belief systems

and also that it's gentle,

because I work with some people in some really fragile states

so I started reading about Sedona Method

I went to a seminar

and I found it really transformational in myself

and so I started using it with patients

I ask people: "So you have this fear in your body?"

Do you wanna keep that fear or would you like to get rid of it?

I'd like to get rid of it

So will you just sit with me and answer some questions

so where do you find that fear in your body? How would you describe it?

Often times they say, "Oh I feel some tightness here"

Okay, so you feel some tightness here

Is that something that you wanna to hang on to or would you like to let it go

I'd like to let it go

Could you let it go??

Some people look around and think "I guess I could"

Would you be willing to let that go?

Yeah, I would be

Then I ask: "When?"

Now?

And then you're watching them just whhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

and they finally realize they don't have to hang on to that

and then you just take them through it again

In this moment can you feel the nothingness?

See if you can find where nothing ends and something begins?

or where everything ends and nothing begins?

one of the questions that has been coming up in all of the minds in this room

is now what do I do?

first of all remember the basics

feelings are just feelings, they are not facts

and they are not you, and you can let them go

and you can let them go by simply deciding to drop them

and using questions like Could I let this go?

Would I? and When?

or you can say it in the third person

Could you let this go? Would you? and When?

remember that simple questions are incredibly powerful because they are simple

it doesn't need to be hard, it doesn't need to be complex

in fact it isn't

and so the other thing you can do is to simply welcome what is

which by the way is the same thing

so as you welcome what is

you can welcome simply whatever you are experiencing in the moment

which is by the way great way to release in action

just simply do this inside, just simply stay open to what is

the more open you are the more transparent you are

the less there is any place for anything to stick

and you can also take it a little deeper

by welcoming what you believe is the problem of the moment

and then welcoming any wanting to fix it or change it

and then welcome any identity with them

if you've noticed, those three things combined

when you welcome the appearance, the memory, the thought, the belief, the problem

you welcome all the thoughts and feelings, and sensations and pictures and sounds

that are associated with it

and then you also welcome all your wanting to meddle

wanting to fix, wanting to change, wanting to force it,

wanting to control it, wanting to figure it out

when you welcome all of that what happens is

there's an opening inside

and then as you also welcome any sense of identity

any sense that it's personal, it's about me, about who I am

that unhooks it, you stop feeding that illusion

and then it can spin freely and spin out of existence

and what you notice is that you are already the field

you're already the screen, you're already presence of awareness

that allows for all experiencing yet is unaffected or uninvolved in any of it

and then of course at any moment you can discover or reremember

just two things

that that presence of awareness, that beingness, that easiness,

that truth, that love, that peace, that Joy

that you are, is already here, already now

already completely unencumbered

and that what you often believe you were or you are in this moment

doesn't bare direct examination

what you discover is that If you try to find the separate me

you'll discover it's not there

you can certainly remember it

you can certainly imagine it

but it's still doesn't make it real now

one of the things you'll discover as you keep letting go is

what you are requires no belief to be

it's beyond all belief

so if you find that you've turn something positive into belief

just dig a little deeper

after all would you rather believe you have a million dollars

or would you rather see it in your bank account

would you rather believe that you have good health

or would you rather be living it in every moment

would you rather believe that there is no separation

or would you like to have that be your living experience now

and so don't settle for any belief, no matter who is peddling it


settle for nothing less than what you are

and also allow being what you are to be fun

to be natural, to be easy

it doesn't require effort to be

so every moment allow yourself to be more interested

in what's actually is here now

nothing is required for you to be what you already are

I love you all unconditionally

thank you for sharing yourself

thank you for your willingness to show up
 
and to be seen

and to support this planet in this wonderful change

this wonderful unfolding

every release you've done is not just for you

it's for everyone

every release you'll ever do is not just for you  

it's for everyone, we're all in this together

What you've just seen is an invitation for the healing of planet Earth

and invitation for you to lead a happier richer and more love filled life

an invitation for you to share what you've learned with those that you care about

starting with each and everyone of us

letting go of all that is holding us back

and being all we can be

starting right here, right now

the Sedona Method shows you how to uncover

and live that presence of awareness that is always here

always now, shining in plain view

as you let go, as you simply allow yourself to notice

what is actually here now

you'll discover that right here, right now you're already whole

you're already complete, you're already enough as you are

and all is well

Letting Go

Please share this Film,

Join the conversation

Join the Community
Get support

in loving memory of Lester Levenson, the inspiration behind The Sedona Method

