Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org

Water

Earth

Fire

Air

Long ago,the four nations lived together in harmony

then everything changed when the firenation attacked

Only the avatar mastered all four elements could stop them

but when the world needed him most he vanished

100 years passed, my brother and I discovered the new avatar

airbinder named Aang

And although his airbinding skill is great,

he has a lot to learn before he is ready to save anyone.

but I believe...
...Aang can save the world

-=AVATAR=-
The last airbender
Translation from www.avatarspirit.net
Sub: Tucity

Previously on
Avatar...

I discovered a hidden library

I tore through scroll after scroll.

You did it! You're a earthbender.

Sozen's comet will return by the end of this summer

and Firelord Ozai will use its power to finish the war once for all

You must defeat the Firelord before the comet arrives.

Book two: Earth
Chapter ten: The Library

What's out here?

A lot actually. There's hundreds of little...

Shhh! I know you can see underground, but don't ruin the surprise.

Just watch.

I'm putting an orchestra together.

Orchestra huh?

Well la dee da.

This is great and all, but don't we have more important things to worry about?

We should be making plans.

We did make plans.

We're all picking mini-vacations.

There's no time for vacations.

I'm learning the elements as fast as I can.

I practice hard everyday with Toph and Katara.

I've been training my arrow off.

Yeah. What's wrong with having a little fun in our downtime?

Even if you do master all of the elements, then what?

It's not like we have a map of the fire nation.

Should we just head west until we reach the Fire Lord's house?

Knock knock! Hello, Fire Lord? Anybody home?

I don't think so.

We need some intelligence if we're gonna win this war.

Alright, we'll finish our vacations,

and then we'll look for Sokka's intelligence.

Your turn Katara.Where would you like to go on your mini-vacation?

How about the Misty Palms Oasis? That sounds refreshing.

Oh yeah, I've been there.

It's a pristine natural ice spring, and I usually don't use the word pristine.

It's one of nature's wonders.

Must have changed ownership since I was here.

One mango please.

I don't see anything wrong with having one of those fruity beverages ...

...while we plan our strategy.

Excuse me.

No worries, I clean up easy.

Oh, You're a living relic!

Thanks. I try.

An Air Nomad, right in front of me.

Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University.

Tell me, which of the Air temples do you hail from?

The southern temple.

Oh splendid! Now tell me, what was the primary agricultural product of your people?

Uh, are fruit pies an agricultural product?

Oh, truly fascinating. That is one for the journal.

So professor, you're obviously a well traveled guy.

Do you have a more current map? Ours seems to be a little dated.

Certainly.

What, no Fire Nation? Doesn't anybody have a good map of that place?

You've made a lot of trips into the desert.

All in vain I'm afraid.

I've found lost civilizations all over the Earth Kingdom,

but I haven't managed to find the crown jewel...

...Wan Shi Tong's Library.

You spent years walking through the desert ...

...to find some guy's library?

This library is more valuable than gold, little lady.

It is said to contain a vast collection of knowledge,

and knowledge

... is priceless.

Mm, sounds like good times.

Oh, it is.

According to legend, it was built by the great knowledge spirit,

Wan Shi Tong, with the help of his foxy knowledge seekers.

Oh, so this spirit has attractive assistants, huh?

I think he means they look like actual foxes, Sokka.

You're both right.

Handsome little creatures.

Wan Shi Tong and his knowledge seekers collected books from all over the world,

and put them on display for mankind to read,

so that we might better ourselves.

If this place has books from all over the world, do you think they've got info on the Fire Nation?

A map maybe?

I wouldn't know, but if such a thing exists,

it's in Wan Shi Tong's Library.

Then it's settled.

Aang, I do believe it's my turn. I'd like to spend my vacation

<i><b>AT THE LIBRARY! </b></i>

Uh, hey? What about me? When do I get to pick?

You gotta work here a little longer before you qualify for vacation time.

Of course there's the matter of finding it.

I've made several trips into the Si Wong Desert,

and almost died each time.

I'm afraid that desert's impossible to cross.

Professor, would you like to see our sky bison?

A sky bison?

You actually have one?

Sandbenders! Shoo! Away from the bison!

Tell me, sky bison. Are you the last of your breed?

Oh, delightful! I only wish I spoke his tongue.

Oh the stories this beast could tell.

Shush, chatty monkey.

Wow, shouldn't be too hard to find a place like this out here.

Aw, does this place even exist?

Some say it doesn't.

Shouldn't you have mentioned that before?

There it is!

That's what it will sound like when one of you spots it.

It shouldn't be this hard to spot a giant ornate building from the air.

Down there. What's that?

Forget it. It's obviously not what we're looking for.

The building in this drawing is enormous.

What kind of animal is that?

I think that was one of the knowledge seekers.

Oh, we must be close to the library!

No, this is the library. Look!

It's completely buried.

The library is buried!?

My life's ambition is now full of sand.

Well, time to start excavating.

Actually, that won't be necessary.

The inside seems to be completely intact,

and it's huge.

That fox thingy went in through a window.

I say we climb up there and give it a look.

I say you guys go ahead without me.

You got something against libraries?

I've held books before, and I gotta tell you,

they don't exactly do it for me.

Oh, right. Sorry.

Let me know if they have something you can listen to.

Don't worry buddy. I'm not making you go underground ever again.

You can stay out here with Toph.

What's up?

Oh, it's breath taking.

The spirits spared no expense designing this place.

Look at those beautiful buttresses!

What's funny?

Nothing. We just like architecture.

As do I.

My word!

The exquisite mosaic handiwork of this tile-rendered avian symbol

Eh, nice...owl.

I know you're back there.

Hello! I'm Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University.

You should leave the way you came

unless you want to become a stuffed head of anthropology.

Are you the spirit who brought this library to the physical world?

Indeed, I am Wan Shi Tong,

he who knows 10,000 things.

And you are obviously humans,

which by the way are no longer permitted in my study.

What do you have against humans?

Hmm, humans only bother learning things to get the edge on other humans,

like that firebender who came to this place a few years ago,

looking to destroy his enemy.

So...

who are you trying to destroy?

What? Oh, no,

no, no destroying, we're not into that.

Then why have you come here?

knowledge, for, knowledge's sake.

If you're going to lie to an all-knowing spirit being,

you should at least put some effort into it.

I'm not lying. I'm here with the Avatar, and he's ...

the bridge between our worlds, he'll vouch for me.

Uh, yeah, I'll vouch.

We will not abuse the knowledge in your library, good spirit.

You have my word.

very well.

I'll let you peruse my vast collection,

on one condition.

To prove your worth as scholars, you have to contribute some worthwhile knowledge.

Please accept this tome as a donation to your library.

First edition, very nice.

I have an authentic waterbending scroll.

Oh...these illustrations are quite stylish.

Uh, oh, I know!

I suppose that counts.

Oh, great spirit, Check this out!

It's a special knot! That counts as knowledge.

You're not very bright, are you?

Enjoy the library.

Bright enough to fool you.

So,

you like flyin'?

Of course, I'm more comfortable on the ground, where I can see.

Well, I don't see the way you do.

I feel the vibration in the ground with my feet,

but this sand is so loose and shifty,

it makes everything look fuzzy.

Not that there's anything wrong with fuzzy.

Hey, look at these weird lion turtle things.

Eh, I've seen weirder.

Aang, did you know in a past life, you were left handed?

I always knew I was special.

The darkest day in Fire Nation history.

It's got a date at the top, but it doesn't say anything else.

Sokka, where are you going?

I want to know what happened to the Fire Nation on their darkest day.

This could be promising.

The information on the Fire Nation should be right up here.

Firebender.

They destroyed everything having to do with the Fire Nation.

That's so unfair!

Just when I think I'm one step ahead of the Fire Nation,

it turns out they beat us here a long time ago.

I need to know what happened on the darkest day.

Hello, little weird fox guy.

Seems it's trying to assist you.

Um, sure, I'll guess I'll follow you.

This room is a true marvel.

A mechanical wonder!

It's a planetarium that shows the heavens moving.

Uh, this is beautiful, but, how is it helpful?

Maybe these dials represent dates and times.

Sokka, try entering that date from the parchment you took.

shh, Katara

Not in front of the fox, he's with the owl.

Wow, I gotta hand it to you Sokka. You picked the best mini-vacation, for sure.

Hey wait, what happened to the sun?

Great, you must have broken it.

It's not broken.

The sun is behind the moon, it's a solar eclipse!

It's literally the darkest day in Fire Nation history. Now I get it!

Something awful happened on that day, I don't know what, but I do know why.

Firebenders loose their bending during a solar eclipse!

Sorry

That makes sense.

I mean, think of what the lunar eclipse at the North Pole did to the waterbenders.

This is huge.

Fine, you earned it.

We've got to get this information to the Earth King at Ba Sing Se.

We'll wait for the next eclipse, then we'll invade the Fire Nation when they're totally helpless.

The Fire Lord is goin' down!

Mortals are so predictable.

And such terrible liars.

You betrayed my trust.

From the beginning you intended to misuse this knowledge for evil purposes.

You don't understand. If anyone's evil, it's the Fire Nation.

You saw what they did to your library. They're destructive and dangerous.

We need this information.

You think you're the first person to believe their war was justified?

Countless others before you have come here, seeking weapons or weaknesses or battle strategies.

We had no choice.

Please, we're just desperate to protect the people we love.

And now I'm going to protect what I love.

What are you doing?

I'm taking my knowledge back.

No one will ever abuse it again.

He's sinking the building! We've gotta get out of here!

I'm afraid I can't allow that.

You already know too much.

I already told you, I don't want to snuggle.

Library's sinking

Library's sinking!

Great knowledge spirit, I beg you.

Do not destroy your vast collection of priceless tomes.

We've gotta get back to the surface.

Sokka, let's go!

But we still don't know when the next eclipse is gonna happen.

Don't be stupid, we'll find out later.

No, we won't.

If we leave this place we'll never get the information.

Aang, come with me to the planetarium, I need cover.

Katara, take Momo and get out of here.

But

Go£¡

Hurry, Sokka

What is it now?

Who's there?

Why are we doing this?

Because if this calendar can tell us about eclipses in the past,

then maybe it can project when the next one will be.

You can't possibly check every single date.

I don't have to.

We just have to check every date before Sozin's comet arrives,

because after that...

Well, try not to think about that.

Come on eclipse!

That's it, the solar eclipse!

It's just a few months away.

Got it. Now, let's get to Ba Sing Se.

Don't make me put this down.

No, stop sinking.

NO

I'm sorry Appa.

At least I'll have one specimen to add to my collection.

Your waterbending won't do you much good here.

I've studied Northern Water Style, Southern Water Style, even Foggy Swamp Style.

That's called Sokka style. Learn it!

Wait! Professor, let's go!

I'm not leaving. I can't. I've spent too long trying to find this place.

There's not another collection of knowledge like this on Earth.

I could spend an eternity in here.

Just go!

We got it. There's a solar eclipse coming.

The Fire Nation's in trouble, now!

Where's Appa?

-=To be Continued=-
Translation from www.avatarspirit.net
Sub: Tucity

Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org

