

Delta team this is Echo team let us know when it's clear.

Copy that Echo

Ten four

[Radio Chatter]

so you almost have me Walter. I almost feel
sorry for you.

I'm fucking going to kill you. You wait until
the police found out about this.

Do you think the police are gonna believe a hapless crook
like you or a great man like me?

[Radio Chatter]

[Radio Chatter]

Alan Parker's got to be in here somewhere.

Hey chief this place looks abandoned. You actually think Parker and his men are still here?

Guys keep looking.

Alan parker we know you're here come out!

You had it good working for me Walter. I took
you in, treated you like family, put food on

your table and gave you a life you never had.
Until you tried to screw it up for yourself

by trying to rat me out!

You sit the fuck down you fat fuck.

Move move move

This is so fucked up. You think Parker is at
one of his other hideouts? I honestly have

no idea where he could be. Parker's out here.
Parker's definitely hiding out here somewhere.

It doesn't look like Parker's here but we
might as well burn this whole fucking place

to the ground. 10-4 copy.

Come on let's go.

You're clearly the enemy here.

And for you

Alan industries is going to blow up too.

You're done Walter.

Don't worry

I'll make sure you're family is good hands

With myself.

Don't you fucking touch my family

Here you go boss.

It's already too late Walter.

No!

Elia

Elia where are you going?

Elia

Elia hey what's going on?

I'm sorry but I can't take it anymore.

What's wrong?

I'm tired of being bullied in school Ms. Elizabeth. No matter

What I do or say I just can't fit in. Don't say it like that
what about your friend tommy i just want to

feel normal

Listen to me

You're a really special boy and
i know sometimes some of the other kids are

mean and rude and i'll talk to them but you're
strong and you're resilient. What's that supposed

to mean?

it means that it doesn't matter what life
throws at you you can handle it. It doesn't

matter who it is or what it is. If you follow
your heart you always win. Thanks Ms. Elizabeth.

All right now go get your homework done.

Mom?

Mom?

Mom?

Mom?

[Phone ringing]

You have reached the voicemail of the loud
reaper please give your name a number i'll

give you a call back as soon as I can


[Phone ringing]

Hey bud how are you holding up? I've been better
Tommy. Where are you? About that i'm calling

to let you know that I won't be around for
a while. I got this job I need to take care

of it but I figured i'll let you know. Is everything
okay? My family needs me. I love working with

you but I just need some time to lay low for
a while. Listen if you ever need me for anything

you know that you can just always call me.
I'll always be here for you. I know. I know. You

go take care of yourself Tommy. All right buddy
we'll talk soon. we'll talk soon.

Bye

Breaking news

This just in.

Just moments ago

a local store robbery gone wrong.

The store owner and his daughter were shot to death, point blank.

The police are still on the lookout. They have
not yet located the people that were responsible

for this horrific event.

If you or anyone else witnessed any details or witnessed anything deemed suspicious

Don't hesitate to call us at 1800 Crime Police.


One more for the books. Yeah I feel bad about
that girl though.

Yep Shouldn't have walked in. photos all right
though didn't know she was home

how much did we take

about forty? 40k? Not bad for one. Yeah that one. That
one there? The red one? Yep.

I think i'll go for that one right over there.
Purple? Might even just buy it. I'll just take

it from whoever it is.

Hey! Who the fuck? Whoa whoa dude dude dude
no no no no no what do you want what do you

want man what do you want? You guys just killed
two innocent people and for what? No put the

gun down please please. All we need was the
Money man. All we needed was the money. All

you need is the money... It's all about the money.
It's all about the money it's all it was all

about the money nothing personal. What's your
name? Answer me! Marcus... Marcus. What's your fucking

name? Dante ... Dante. Who do you guys work for?
Hey let's calm down. Put the gun down! put the

Fucking gun down! We work for a guy named Ross.
Who the fuck is Ross? That's all we know.

He gives us the job, we do it, that's it.

Please please don't shoot don't don't.

Marcus!

No no no no no no no no

You want to pull that shit on me huh? Huh? You die, I die today we're gonna die huh!

You wanna fucking play that shit?

This will be the last time i see in this neighborhood
you hear me?

Fuck out of here with that bullshit! And as
for you.

This is a message for your boss!

Yeah I need a favor.

Welcome to the Christian morning show. Have
you ever considered Jesus Christ as your lord

and savior? If so it's never too late to repent.

Are you okay son No. Is there anything wrong?
What's the matter? There's a lot going on right

now. Would you want to talk about it? What's
on your mind what's bothering you? Seems like

everything's coming apart.

All I have to tell you is one thing do not
be concerned for anything cast all your concerns

Do not be concerned for anything.

Cast all your concerns

unto the lord. Cast all your concerns all your
worries unto him. For the lord is your shepherd.

He is your keeper. Even if you walk through
the valley of the shadow of death you shall

fear no evil. You have no concerns to be concerned
about. Repeat this prayer after me if that's

okay with you can you recite them with me?
Yes. our father our father who art in heaven

hallowed be thy name I will be thy name thy
kingdom come thy kingdom come thy will be

done that will be done on earth on earth as
it is in heaven as it is in heaven give us

this day give us this day our daily bread
our daily bread and forgive us of our trespasses

and forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive
those who trespass against us we forgive those

who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.

For thy is the kingdom. The power and the glory. Forever and ever.

Amen. Do not be afraid son for the bible states
that you can do all things through Christ

who strengthens you. The lord loves you I would
love to give you a hug if that's okay with

you because i'm here to care for you just
to express the Godly love that perhaps you

have not received in a long time son. Thank
you. You're welcome.

The lord loves you peace be with you and wherever
you go he shall be with you as well. May the

lord continue to bless your son. Whenever you
need to speak to someone I am here at your

service. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you
so much. Okay. Thank you.

Good thing I got the reminder... Almost forgot to see mama at the park.

Mrs. Danette is that you?

Hi Elia how are you? I'm doing pretty good
you know uh everything uh going quite well

about half the days so uh how are things? It's
it's been so long since i've seen you is everything

all right? Everything's okay everything's okay it's
uh I just can't stop by to see her how's she

doing so far? Well she's feeling a lot better
since the incident um we've been doing a lot

of physical therapy movements and though she
finds it a little difficult at times especially

when it comes to walking. But she'll get better
with time.

She's right down there if you'd like to see
her. Okay sounds good i'll see you right now

okay thank you

Hi mama

Elia oh my god!

Oh my baby boy! oh you're grown to be so big.
I got these flowers for you.

I know you like the uh the good scent for
you to put in your home. Thank you.

So how are you? Doing pretty good you know
just uh not too many big things happening. Everything's

keeping up. So how are things with you uh last
time we saw each other? Well i've been better

I am able to walk with very little assistance
now. Okay that's good.

So how are things with uh Mrs. Danette? Oh she's... nice she's nice.

Do you mind if we sit down and just talk Yeah let's... let's talk.

I got a couple of things I like to say on
my mind that's bothered me.

Do you mind if I help you with the crutches
make it easier for you. Thank you.

I'm gonna hold on to these though

Yeah one step at a time there you go.

It's a nice day today isn't it? Yes.

Oh no what's the matter?

i'm just so sorry mama. That I wasn't there
for you. What do you mean? When they broke into

the house i'm just sorry I wasn't there for
you mama. What are you talking about? I wasn't

there to protect you.

Oh Elia that wasn't your fault. Don't you ever
ever blame yourself for what happened okay?

I promise you mama I will find the man responsible
for this don't you worry about it.

I just realized that I forgot

Late for a meeting I gotta attend to. Is everything
okay? It's something I gotta take care of but

don't worry i'll see you again. You be careful. Take care.

Everything okay?

what happened

He's just like his father. Ah Walter. That's
a good thing.

Listen you don't have anything to worry about
everything is going to be just fine we're

going to get the guys who did this. I don't
trust me I know

It's gonna be okay. I remember him when he
was a little boy he was a fine little boy

then now he's a grown man he's older now you
know he has to make his own decisions live

his own life. So it's okay. Guess what? What?
I saw the face of the guy who did that. It

led me to Walter... I know what he looks like.

I've got his face etched in my mind. So like
said it'll be fine don't worry it's okay.

It'll be okay.

It'll be okay.

Tommy?

Hey Elia you need to get home right now!

What's going on?

There was just a news broadcast of house of your description being broken into.

No way... Are you serious?

Yes I am absolutely serious.

I was just headed there right now.

If I were you I would definitely start walking a hell a lot faster. I'l ll give you a call back.

Well I could stay with you on the phone?

No just i'll call you back as soon as i'm
done okay? I gotta go... I gotta go.


What the fuck

Oh shit! Oh shit!

I'm a kill everybody! Fuck whoever that is you better get the hell out of here because I'll shoot everybody mother fucker!

Oh!

Fuck outta here!

Hell no!

Fuck you!

I finally got you.

Ah! Ugh!

You finally got me huh? Dirty bitch! You there. What? Stay there! Fuck. Right there! Fuck you.

In that spot is where I want to see you. Ah fuck that. Make any sudden movements and i'll blow

your fucking head off! Fuck you. Stay on this fucking chair. Fuck you

you bastard. Fuck you man! Alan parker
was right about you. Who's Alan Parker? you

know Alan Parker... He's the one that killed
your father and that bastard whore mother

of yours! Oh you just don't know kid. Don't
know what? We're just here to get the money

to get the weapons. What weapons? You just don't
know kid the weapons it's been going on for

years now. I ain't telling you nothing go ask Alan Parker... Parker should tell you everything you need to know.

I'm just a worker I don't know nothing. What's your name? What the hell my name got to do with

anything i'm just working! My name is David that's something you need to know huh? Fuck

you.

Fuck you! We ain't done with you. There's more work to be done. The other operation ain't get

hit yet and we still coming after you. You're gonna be the last one i'm gonna get you. Better do what

you gotta do now... You ain't gonna do
nothing. Okay huh huh. My grandmother hit harder than you.

Right huh. I ain't scared of nothing. alright let's see if you'll be scared of right now.

Ah!

How's that feel huh?

Huh! You fucking worm huh?

You piece of shit!

Huh? Fuck me huh?

Is everything okay officers? Not officers FBI. We were dispatched here by the bureau due

to a possible home invasion that occurred
here. well there wasn't any home invasion

at this house... You're at the wrong house It is all right if we take a look inside? yeah

Yeah yeah sure come in.

Is this door closed? That's my roommates room he is out of town

Do you mind just stay still it makes me a
little nervous thank you. Nobody else live

with you beside your roommate? No nobody else just some family upstairs. Finish searching

down here while I go check upstairs if you
don't mind? That's alright.

So sorry for the inconvenience you know we had the phone call. We had to come to check

it out so I hope you have a good day. You too. Thank you and apologize for any inconvenience.

No problem.

What do you think? Nothing... the house was clean,
we checked it out, no signs of struggle. Nothing

like an altercation happened that would indicate there was a home invasion. Well Mark what the

Bureau gonna say now? The deputy won't be so happy we come back with empty hands. Fuck them

we tell them the truth. We didn't find anything... that we're empty-handed so they'll have to

deal with it.

I think we need to keep a closer eye on this guy though he gave me bad vibes... see what i'm

talking about. Wow he just check us from the window.

Do you think the bureau hired some extra people to help you with this type of case? Like yourself?

Huh... what about the new guy what's his name... Luke. Is he any good? I've seen him around. I

don't know him I haven't worked with him yet... but actually he has been assigned to this

case. So later this week I get to meet him
and work with him He has to check some locations

out for me going forward we'll see how he
works out. Sounds good... Sounds good.

So for your first assignment today together...
Mark and Luke I need you two to check this house

and find out what's going on. There have been reports of drug activity in this house and

if you find out any useful information I need you to report it back to the bureau

immediately.

we'll take a few surveillance photos of this
guy i don't understand what he's doing

going to the trunk for something

he's got a black bag. It's look like a body
for me... What you think? Definitely looks like

a body. So do you think we should move in on him now?

let's follow him

should I take the shotgun?

You think we should be going in on him now? No we wait until
he gets to his final destination then we stop him.

supposed to be where he goes who knows?

I don't fucking like this place... Come on then.

Who are you?

You think you're in a position to ask any questions?

listen you don't have to do this... down!

play time is over

You like that huh?

I will take you out one way or another...

Give your best shot.

this is what happens you don't complete your mission.

you're going down

There's one thing you're missing...

I'm going to deliver you to the maker...

One thing you're missing though...

What's that?

I am the maker.

Take this one for size.

That shit where you said I was gonna meet my maker... Wrong answer motherfucker!

I'm not gonna say it again... Who the fuck are you? We all have questions unanswered. I'm gonna give you

to the count of three... One. Okay I'm affiliated with Alan industries. Who sent you here? I was

sent out here to kill you by Zakovich Ross.
That's not the first time I heard that name

around here. Why is he trying to kill me? For the shit that you did at the docks you moron

Where's your boss at? He has a warehouse out there in east New York. With the amount of

men protecting him you'll get nowhere near him.


What the fuck's so funny huh? You think i'm a fucking clown? I already know all about you. I was

there. I witnessed your father's death. No this can't be... this can't fucking be .No it's not

possible it can't be! Oh yeah now I get to
witness your death live. Move in... move. Drop the

guns put your hands up in the air put the
gun down now

Get down on your knees! Do it now!

Drop it right now go

wait

Oh shit!

Get back get back!

Shit... There's people all over the place Mark come on let's go Mark... Mark!

Wait

Get down Mark... Mark!

Oh shit!

God get up man! What kind of field training were you taking?

Get up

Move

Fuck these guy's are? They are fucking everywhere.

Fucking hillbillies live in here. That's irrelevant man... What do we say to the boss now? We tell jack

the truth been shot. We were shot upon. we're in a heavily wooded area we don't know how many people

are watching us how many suspects whatever
is going on here

Look here he comes.

One job you both have one job and you come
back with nothing. I apologize Jack things

happen all the way too fast we got
ambushed . What do you mean happened just way

too fast? You're the goddamn FBI for crying out loud. You're just supposed to go in and

get the job done. It won't happen again. You're damn right it won't happen again because if it

does i'll put you both on administrative leave with detrimental conduct. You'll be pushing papers

until your fucking retired.

and where the hell is your partner Mark by
the way? Did he not think it was a good idea

to come back to work today? Unfortunately he cannot make it today he has some affair family.

Well next time you see his ass you tell him
I said not to bother to come back to work

anymore if he's going to give me the results you two are giving me now Okay? uh this will be

your new partner from here now into your partner Mark and his life in order he's new to the

team but he's very reliable right Frank? Hell yeah.

Frank do me a favor please escort these
two guys out of my office? Will do.

What the hell are you waiting for? some secretary to bring you coffee or something? Well that's not a bad idea. Get the

hell out of here!

what the hell happened to you guys out there
i'm telling you friend we were ambushed and

Jack doesn't believe us. I should of shoot this motherfucker. So what do we do now? Listen all you two really

need to do is stay low for a while and make
other detectives do the heavy work for now

before you get your asses in even more trouble okay? okay.

Take my card in case you two need me. Thank you frank.
Stay out of trouble.

what a character right i'm surprised he still has his job the way
he talks to his people

by the way nice joke. What do you think that was a joke? In this case my man you know my partner

and I we haven't been watching this guy for a while now but he got away all the time what

do you have on him so far?

It's not enough the last time we saw him he was a dumping a fucking body bag

and flew away. Do you have any evidence? It's not really that much to you know to really

nail this guy. Well what are we waiting for then? Let's go bust this guy. I like the way you think.

you know what not for nothing after everything
i've been through hardships misfortunes defamation

of character through lyinge stealing deceitfulness
cheating humiliation extortion and practically

everything else to the above what a child
should not be experiencing unfortunately this

child had to experience it this child had
to be put into harm's way this child had to

suffer this very fucking day of seeing his
mother over there that's still having a hard

time

financially speaking physically speaking emotionally
speaking just everything else you could have

imagined what could go wrong with somebody
and I cannot believe because of the lack of

your competence that you abandoned us you've
abandoned us man how could you do this to me how

can you do this to us man do you have any idea
what it's like

to be able to see your mother on the floor
in the house

with blood everywhere covering the walls covering
the furniture and here you are you're a kid

you're just a kid coming from school and then
walking to a shit show and still to this

very day

I suffer that you just have no idea how much
that haunts me how much that exit me how much

that pounds in me

how much that makes me feel likes shit

makes me feel like a nobody

sometimes most of the times I feel like a
nobody

feel like nobody loves me nobody gives a damn
about me except my best friend and it's just

it's tragic

it's very tragic

it's very tragic when I have to do things
out of my own free will that I was forced

to do because I had no other fucking choice
because I don't have a father to love but

I have a father I can look up to I don't have
a father to be able to guide me to

to simply do what's right in front of everybody's
eyes

or what they say the goodie two shoes that's
a good boy that's a good son but no there's

none of that fucking shit I didn't have that
shit I didn't have that not coming from you

you look where you're at right now buried six
feet where you fucking belong but one of these

days i'm gonna find out what you did I'm going to find out who you really are because I just

don't know who you are I only seen glimpses
of you from what I remember but I don't know

who the hell you are I wish I knew and i'm
gonna find out who you are and when I do find

out so help me god that i'm gonna find the
answer that i've been looking for all my entire life.

I'm gonna find the answer.

I guess to say that we part ways I don't think I wanna ever fucking see you again has no good

impression on me has not been a good image
on me

and honestly yes yeah this is it I'll see you then

maybe soon probably never

[Library Ambience]

I'm an associate in Alan Parker Industries

i'm stuck here

walter was right

Alan is a backstabber

He's making weapons

And if you see this video you have to do something
or people will die

Luckily I don't think anybody even... Get him!

Hello? Tommy Tommy... I finally got the guy. Whoah what guy? The guy who is responsible for hurting

my family I got the guy Tommy. Okay okay slow down Elia who is it and how do you know him

for sure? Yes this is the right guy Tommy. dude... a freaking thug broke into my house and when

I finally got my hands and hurt that son of
a bitch he told me everything. He told me

who's responsible for hurting my father... for hurting my entire family. I can tell you right

now I did my research on this guy and his
last whereabouts are unknown. Holy shit and

what's his name? His name is Alan Parker... apparently this guy was involved with some sort of illegal

biological weapon of war and the crazier thing is that he had a son who helped him out back

in the day. Shit Elia is his son alive
too? So what you gonna do? Well what i'm gonna do?

His son is alive... his name is John Parker. we need to find him and kill him. Well what are

we waiting for where should I meet you? Meet me up at the parking lot near our old high school

but at first I need to take care of some business. Do you need any help? Actually if you don't

mind I need a quick favor... How much do you need to send?

Millions.


Who the hell are you? I know this fucking guy... this fucking faggot lipped, shit eating

cock gobbling motherfucker! Is the guy that fucking beat my ass at the pier the other day. I like your jacket

Mary Poppins. Which one of you bastards is Zadkovich Ross?

Elia... Elia you funny motherfucker.

You're a funny guy Elia funny guy... You think you're gonna come in here with that little kids R'US

gun and we're supposed to run around supposed to be all scared? I can take him. got this

I got this.

You know what smoke this fucking clown. Whoa... and you were saying?

I have a couple of ieds strapped to my chest... if any of your men try to pull some

shit behind my back, look into my direction or even fucking breath! I'll take you all down

with me. Okay okay okay settle down... Settle down. Let's talk about this What do you want? that's 10 million

dollars in the case. If you want it you need to kill John Parker . Kill John Parker he says fucking asshole... Holy shit.

Oh yeah? What am I supposed to do? Easy... send a contract offer him the money but don't allow him to

see the contract until he accepts it first.

and if I do that all this money's mine? Once the contract is completed the money will be yours

And how am I supposed to do that? Create the contract... Allow him to sign it without him even knowing

that he's signing his life away. He's never
going to receive the money because he'll be dead!

You know what there's a problem with that. And what's that? Last I heard he's got a partner...

That's all I know. Set them up... create the contract as a hit against each other. Whoever kills

the person first receives the 10 million dollars in this bag but that's when you come in and finish all the dirty work.

When you and your men kills whoever survives the money is still yours.

Ross... You can't be serious. If Alan finds out we're all dead. You know what Alan's not gonna know

anything just so long as you boneheads keep your fucking mouths shut. Screw this... you guys end

up dead that's on you i'm outta here. so what are you waiting for?

Call him now!

Relax... relax... relax.

Hello? Listen listen... I got a contract for you and your partner exclusive... exclusive.

but I need to know right now if you're interested? Who's asking?

My name is Zadkovich Ross but you can refer to me as Ross.

My cartel runs this city

but unfortunately there's been a fucking problem.

So once again I need to know if you're interested right now?

Who do you want dead?

That' not something I care to discuss over the phone

unless I know that you're down and do this
for me. How much we're talking here? 10 million

dollars. Okay let's do it. It's done...

Oh yeah one more thing... One more thing? Where's John Parker's hideout in case you assholes don't keep

your end of the bargain. You know you're a real fucking piece of shit. That wasn't even part

of the bargain? I'm about three seconds away on blowing this whole fucking place up! relax bro

you need to get fucking laid... damn. Last I heard he was at like what I think it was 225... 225

Louis drive. Some shit like that. Some fucking bullshit. 225 Louis drive you'll find him there. Now get

the fuck out of here!

What the fuck? Fuck this motherfucker...

Mama?

Mama where are you?

God dammit!

Yeah man this hitman thing... It can get a little overwhelming you know? yeah no I totally understand

that. Back at the warehouse... that was something right? Oh man don't even get me started I don't

know how we made it out of there alive man
but i'm just glad I had you bro thank you.

Yeah man we kicked Ross's ass bro. You think they're gonna find Ross's body back at that

office?

Not a chance.

Hello? Give the phone to John Parker now.

John...

I think it's for you.

I am calling regards of a new potential contract. Okay... I'm listening? Listen the man I have my

wager is not a man to be trifled with. See
you soon. Hello... hello? I can still hear you

breathing on the phone

Hello?

You think he's one of Ross's people?
To be honest with you if they're calling my

phone it could be anybody. How could they even find Ross? I don't fucking know bro but let's

get the hell out of here.

Breaking news, this is just in. A body found by an abandoned warehouse in Farmingdale long

Island has been recovered just moments ago... According to DNA evidence it appears to be

a man by the name of Zakovich Ross who was a head leader of a drug trafficking ring. The

police and the FBI are still on the lookout
we've never committed this horrific act but

according to the people of this town this
horrific killing may have been an act of

justice. Wanna go outside? Hold on I'm getting a phone call... You ready? come on let's go.

Hey Levi what's going on? John this is important we need to talk do you have a minute? Is this

about the other day? Yes and I think I may
have found out who it was that called us. So

who is this guy? Listen I have a ton of stuff to share with you at the moment but it's best

that we meet in person. What do you have in mind? 225 Louis Drive...

225 Louis drive? Levi we haven't been there in like three years are you sure everything's

okay? This is getting a little weird right
now. You gotta tell me what's going on. Trust

me once you find out for yourself it will
explain everything. See you in an hour John.

You have arrived at your destination.

I got you now you son of a bitch!

Why are you running away?

You like killing people's families huh?

Who the fuck are you you piece of shit!

You're a dead man!

Fuck you piece of shit.

Fuck you, you cock sucking bitch!

Fuck!

You're a dead man.

You're not going anywhere.

Fucking piece of shit!

Fuck you!

John Parker

Where are you John

Do you really think that hiding from me is
gonna handle your troubles? I don't think so!

Maybe my father was right about you, you crazy son of a bitch!

enough with the mind games just allow me to embrace your death!

Come out show yourself already God dammit! I'll make this quick for you.

You're going to regret this!

You like sabotaging peoples families huh!

Screw you screw your family!

I'm going to end you John Parker!

Fuck you!

You're dead now asshole!

Whatever my father Alan Parker did has nothing to do with me...Fuck you, your family and everything you stand for!

We could of just talked about this.

You destroyed my family motherfucker!

There's no escaping now motherfucker!

So that's it huh? You're gonna try and kill
me over whatever the hell my father might

have did to your family? All right asshole I'm gonna show you what the hell I got...

This is the end of the line.

You picked the wrong fucking guy... I don't even know who the fuck you are!

I know everything about your father...

Alan fucking Parker

and the only thing he had left to remain

was his only begotten son

but I think uh

it's time to say our final goodbyes

This one's for my father!

This one's for my mother!

This one is for you!

how'd it go? Tommy... it's done.

All right I'm on my way now.


Hey Parker yeah it's me Levi... Hey remember that deal we made? Yeah motherfucker it's time and

I want mine. On my way right now so get it
fucking ready.

It's time to get me my new fucking toys.


I didn't teach you to become a coward.


Your head belongs to the family.

I'm here to take i4t back.

Ladies first.


Get on the ground! Get on the ground! Get on the ground I said get on the ground! Get on

the ground!

I got your six girl.

Copy.

Motherfucker!

Let her go... Let her go! Is it fear our courage that keeps you going agent?

We got a cop killer...

What is their name?

Dominic Bane.


