1
Are you sure this is it?
That's what the paper said

AaaAahhh

Be safe Ben!

No promises mom

hey! hey what took you so long!?

Just crawled out of your cave? as soon as
i got your text! sounds about right.

So, where's your girl? shut up you know we're just
friends. still? come on man, i've been gone for three

months and you still are just "friends". Yeah, I guess.
Well is she coming? yeah she's just running a bit late

as usual. how was florida? ah mom wanted
to go see grandma while we still could

you know, life can be so normal and
then all of a sudden it just ♫beep beep♫

Lexi! hey jack how was your summer? haven't heard much.
You know, wet, hot, depressing. not much to write

about. i see. so anything interesting happen while
i was gone? nothing interesting ever happens here.

Yeah i mean the park just got redone, you want Ben
and I to show you around? okay, take me away!

All right well i gotta get going. all right
man. all right! bye see you losers! Peace Out!

Okay class you're good to head out.

Hello?

Ben? where did you and Lexi go to eat, everywhere is
closed now? oh um we uhh... Lexi got drive-through,

and then we went to the park! oh that's
nice of her, well tell her i said thanks.

I'll leave you to your business, i just
wanted to see if everything was okay.

Yeah, yeah, everything's everything's fine! all
right, love you. all right love you too mom.

Hey lexi! hey are you doing anything this weekend...
this saturday? uh, ah, no, not that i know of! well

if you're free, maybe we could hang out? uh yeah,
yeah, that sounds great! great we can figure out

the details later. okay um that sounds good, i'll
uh i'll talk to you later okay? okay see ya! bye!

Are you all ready for your breakout
rooms? they're all randomly assigned...

and, uh they are open! feel free to head
on in and get started on your worksheet.

Oh hey jack! hey, do you have any idea what's
going on here? i do it's actually quite simple.

Who's that? elliott. elliott williams. do you all
have the worksheet open? hey elliot yeah i have

it. okay let's get started. are you guys any good
at this, i kind of suck? i believe i am, allow me

to do some mental calculations, oh yes here it is: three
pi over two. whoa! It's what i do, what can i say.

Damn! okay, what about
number two, can you do that?

Hey mute yourself. why are you calling me?
When i got home after hanging out with you

i found something-the clue. in the text i sent
you?!? oh yeah, i was too tired to look at that.

What was it? i don't know exactly, it looked like
the start of some sort of sketchy scavenger hunt,

and the photo is where the first clue led
me. it was insane, the lights flickered

off- and i'm sorry and you waited all
damn day to text me about it? where'd you

find the clue? it was just in one of the
spokes of my bike, just stuck in there.

I was just as confused as you are. and what's
that link you sent me? it was a website with a

weird minimalistic design, it had
gps coordinates listed on it.

I went to them, it was an abandoned mine-wait wait?
You went there? dude you're asking to get kidnapped,

come on! you wanna hear the best part? i told my
mom i was with Lexi! hey guys, you still there?

Uh yeah man you're doing great uh, looks good!
So are we gonna follow the second clue or what?

You were just calling it dumb a minute ago. well if
it was anything creepy like kidnapping, something bad

would have happened already. and, now that i know it's
safe, why not take part? well on sunday I have my

driving test, and on saturday lexi and i are hanging
out-hey we can do it another time, i don't want to

be a third wheel. Nah, it's fine. um we can all do
the scavenger hunt! it'll be like when we were kids.

Yeah as long as you don't piss yourself this time.
Shut up, all right we can talk about the clue later.

I don't want to make elliott here do all the "calculations".
All right, talk to you later loser. See ya!

Hiiii. hey i have an idea for
saturday! oh really what is it?

Hello! what the hell are you doing here?

I thought this would be a good friend group
bonding activity! yeah, thanks for inviting me.

Alright, so the clue said "lake by the lines",
so obviously we have to go to a lake. what clue?

He hasn't told you yet?

The other day after we were
hanging out i found something

on the back of my bike. A little slip of paper.
I think it's start to a scavenger hunt or

something like that. ben can i
talk to you for a second? okay

why didn't you tell me about it earlier?
I thought it was just gonna be us.

I'm sorry, he really wanted to
come after i told him about it.

And i mean i couldn't just ditch him,
he's my best friend. i understand but

he doesn't have much going for him. yeah he
doesn't. look, i promise today will be worth it.

Whatever, i still want to have
fun with you today! i do too.

Hey! ben and i did some research and there are
two lakes up here. It's gotta be one of them.

Well we assumed it was going to be within
a reasonable distance of where i found the

first clue. i mean, not to mention the
first clue said "lake by the lines" and

the power lines are just up here. i guess we'll just
have to hope at this point! well do we have a map

or anything? we're kind of in the middle of nowhere.
Yeah that's a good point, i don't want to get lost.

Let me just find these two points, mark them,
all right! we're good, let's go! how far?

It's not that bad, heh. what does that mean?
Yeah i didn't like the sound of that.

It's only uh, three,
three and a half miles.

Three and a half miles?!? i'm getting winded! well
i think this is really fun, we're in the middle of

the woods, following some random clues set up by
some random person-okay would you guys just stop?!

You totally seemed on board with this at class
yesterday, so don't act like it was all my idea.

And you know what? If all goes accordingly,
we're going to a lake. it'll be cool.

Okay, let's do this!

♫Branch snaps♫

what are you doing? i don't know,

protecting myself? you know branches fall
right? or it could be a deer, right jack?

Jack?

Calm down, I'm just taking a piss!

♫Jack screaming♫

i was peeing,

and there was a spider on my arm and it was like this
big! that's it, really? i thought there was like

a bear or something, a spider? much worse. listen, jack,
next time we're leaving you! you okay? i will be.

All right, well this is the closer lake. If whoever
made the clue is nice, this should be it. well it's

a lake. good job everyone! ♫clap clap♫ are you sure this
is it, i mean i don't know? well like i said there are two

lakes it could be the other one. can we just chill
out here for a bit, my legs are about to give out?

Even if this isn't it, it's nice.

Do you have any water? yeah help
yourself! oooh, what do we have here?

I thought i'd bring my camera in case there
was anything uh beautiful to take photos of.

Seeing anything?

Yeah, the lake's nice. oh my god haha.

The lake? really? well
yeah i just thought it was-

you are so-guys!

I think i see something.

That's it!

Why the hell is it up there? who knows why it's
up there, real question is how are we gonna get

it down? no no no no no no no no way don't even
think about it, all right, that's the stupidest

idea

ever

okay okay

Ahhhh! ♫hits ground♫ Uhh, i'm okay. you know, it's
probably gonna lead to some gold, or some big prize.

I'm gonna be rich! all right, well guys,
first we have to focus on finding those

three points, all right? okay well i got the
clue so i think i should get a bigger cut.

Yeah, sure. dude i climbed the
tree! i fell out of the tree!

Ugh

ugh

come on, pick up pick up!

♫Phone ringing♫

hello? hey! why are you calling me
so damn late? jack it's the morning.

Same difference, what do you want? The clue from the
hike, i think i have a hint. i thought they were

just some random coordinates. i know, that's
what i thought but um, they updated the website.

There's a new word on it-i think it's
a hint to help us. what does it say?

Oh that's the thing, i think it's in
a different language or something.

Well i got 'em plotted.

Yep, well there's three of them,
so at least we know that much.

We got the three plotted but, we're still no
closer to figuring out what the hell this means.

You ever been to yakima?

Jack, we're trying to figure
out what it means. "Yakimmaaa".

I mean there's got to be someone
we know who can figure this out.

Don't look at me i failed
spanish and chinese... twice! wait,

i think we know a guy who can figure it out. no, no,
come on, no, come-no, not him! so in order to get the

secant, we just need to put the hypotenuse over the
adjacent side-hey, um actually can you help me with

something? of course what is it? also, where's our
companion jack? oh, good question because i have

uh absolutely no clue where he is. um, i don't know
if you're able to solve this problem or if you'd

want to, um but-let me have it! all right i have three
coordinate points. what would you like me to calculate?

Well that's just it, i am not quite sure. i was
given a hint but i couldn't read it. of course

you couldn't. uh please include the message. "egpvgt" i
guess that code talking summer camp was an educational

experience. uh this could be using the caesar shift
code method. it's the most common and well-known.

I could decode this manually, but it would take
hours. well is there any way that you could-

but i can do this with a computer decoder. allow
me to search this up. it's loading... hold on.

Okay, uh the top decode is "center". none
of the other words are in english at least.

"center". so it would be the center of the
points? could be, however there are many

definitions of center in math. what are these
numbers for exactly? they're gps coordinates.

Ah i see. i would assume this center would
be the same distance from each point-

the circumcenter. that makes the most
sense in terms of geographical navigation.

Yes, the "circum-center". uh how long is that
gonna take to find? a few minutes at most. all

right thank you! just let me know when you're-done!
What? i'm finished! i just used an online calculator.

All right, thank you. now let's get back to the
lesson. hey! what's up loser? i got the coordinates.

Nice! yeah elliott gave them to me during class.
It's behind school. i told you he'd be of some

help. yeah, i do feel kind of bad though, you know.
Taking advantage of him during class. Hehehe

but uh, speaking of class, where were
you today? oh, um, didn't feel like going

"fun guy exclamation three
two four six" ♫bleep♫

oh, okay. ready to go? i can't.
I have to watch my sister.

It's fine, we'll figure something out. okay can
you just stay in the car please? i'll take you

to your lesson in a few minutes. why would i do that?
Because of everything i do for you! like what?

I don't know, help you with your homework, take
you to your friend's house... your boyfriend chad

that mom doesn't know about! you wouldn't
want to risk that would you? fine! thank you!

Do you think she'll be okay in there? Yeah, dummy doesn't
even know how to unlock the car, besides. ♫car beep♫ okay.

We have to go down the ravine.

Really? you know at the end
of this i'm hoping that this

clue turns into something
more than just a piece of paper.

What the hell is that smell?

♫Throwing up♫

Get back! oh my god, it's a deer.
Its throat was ripped out!

We're done, okay? no more! yeah man

i'm good! who the hell would ever do
that? i don't know, but whoever made this

is deranged okay? whoever made this is screwing
with us! ben! ben! what?! i dropped my phone.

Just, go get it okay? Quick!
Just go ahead and i'll catch up!

Jack! jaack!

Jack!

Jack! jaack!

Jack!

Hi, i've been waiting. lexi! what's up? lexi!
Jack and i are in the woods. there was this

deer and we ran and he's gone! did you
try looking for him? of course i looked for

him! ever since these clues showed up it's all
you care about. you forgot about our date,

our friend's missing, or dead. did you even stop
to consider what they are where they came from?

Lexi, i'm i'm so sorry okay? but jack is missing
and i just thought i was so close to-to what?

Getting kidnapped? have you even stopped to
consider the danger we might be in, because it

seems like all you care about are those stupid
pieces of paper? That's not fair i-forget it ben.

Whatever stupid little adventure you have going on, i'm
done. we're done ben. lexi, i. ♫lexi hangs up♫ lexi-what?

Jaaack!

Jack! jack! hey have you seen-
how'd you get the door open?

Jack?! i've been-i found a shortcut.

Oh, I've been looking all
over this damn forest.

Lexi called me.

Lexi. she said we're done. apparently
i missed a date or something stupid.

Don't worry, things
will be okay in the end.

Thanks,

uh i should probably get home.

I'll see you soon ben. Yeah, well I'll see you
soon. you know you have to use your key right?

Right.

♫Biking sounds♫

♫grunting sounds♫

hello?

Helloo?!

Oh god, jack jack jack jack jack!
Goddammit no!

Don't worry, you'll be with him soon.

Jack?!? what's wrong ben?

What are you? a twisted
reflection of your greed.

And even still, you're chasing
ghosts. you, you're the one behind this!

But why?

Ben, what happened?

It got jack, he's gone. i'm, i'm so sorry. why
are you here? knowing you, there was danger.

But, but you said it was over. yeah, well some
things are more important than some stupid mystery.

What is that?! Run! ♫screeching♫

Ah!

♫Heavy breathing♫

♫screeching♫

♫screeching♫

come on!

♫Screeching♫

♫heavy breathing♫

♫screeching♫

all right let's get started. so these clues
you were following, describe them. I, um,

one day they just started showing up and
there was just something so intriguing,

something was pulling me to them!
I just got so obsessed that i-

you what Ben? i didn't want anyone
to get hurt, you believe me right?

It was like a mine, i don't
know how to describe it.

You said there was a man who was attacking your
friend. no, no, not a man. i thought it was my friend

but whatever that thing was, it wasn't human.
So why do you think your friend kidnapped you.

Jack? no no, it wasn't him, okay? It
looked like him, but it wasn't him!

Ben! your friend, do you know
where he could have gone?

He's still there. we haven't recovered
him, do you know why he ended up in that

location? That thing. i'm sorry? it looked like him,
and it walked like him, but it wasn't him, okay?!

That's the only way it could have happened. it
took him. i'm sorry, i'm sorry. could you please

describe this figure you saw? I didn't
even really get a good look at it, i mean

it all happened so fast. it was dark and eerie,
and when it looked at me i suddenly felt cold.

It wasn't alive. whatever that
thing was it wasn't alive!

Can i see him now please? please?

Look i don't care if you don't believe me okay!
Just please! you have to go to the mine.

You have to see for yourself!
What's in there ben?

I know what's up there, and
I'd give anything to forget it.

